We want to compute iterated stochastic integrals.
We know that we form a stochastic integral,
then it's again an element from this N space.
So if we take something G that we can integrate with respect to the martingale,
in this case the stochastic integral, then this integral exists.
And we would like to express this whole thing as a dm integral.
Okay, so, call this stochastic integral n. We want to represent this stochastic integral
as the product of G and H dm. Write things as a dm integral.
Okay, what do we know?
We know this integral, G squared, D bracket M.
We know that is finite.
But what's the bracket of M?
The bracket of M is the integral of H, D bracket M.
So, this is equal to HG square D bracket M.
So d bracket n by kumika vatanave is h squared dn.
So if we know this, we know that h times g is in Ln.
In particular, h times g is integral with respect to m.
We know how to characterize stochastic integrals.
So take any test object and tell them in it.
And we want to see what is H times G integrated.
Okay.
So what is this?
This is integral h times g dm n tilde.
what is Vm n tilde in terms of m and n?
dn h squared dm.
So we have dn n tilde, n tilde is h dot m.
h I can take out, this is h d n n-tilt. n is h dot n, take h out. So these two combined
And give me integral G, D, N, N, T, which is G, N, N, T.
for all test objects.
So again, take the interior to be Hg
dot m minus g dot m to see that this is indeed the same.
So, iterated stochastic integrals subject to integrability assumption of the integrators
reduce to single stochastic integrals with integrators being the product.
But of course we need nice interoperability conditions on G.
So that's 2.14 in the lecture.
So last subsection.
integration with respect to local movements.
So far, we took a multi-gate instead of a local multi-gate as integrator.
But the main reason was if we have a martingale we have this L2 theory.
But that also meant that we have to have pretty strong integrability requirements on the integrates.
So, local martingale basically do two things.
They weaken the assumption of the integrator, and they also weaken the assumption of the integrates.
So we introduce the space and log of kind of locally integrable
functions, or locally finite functions.
So that's a little all progressive H.
Again, my bracket programs we put here
respect to dt, and definitely that is fine, such that the integral, same with the g, h
square s, d and s is finite, or surely, forward. So my h is locally integral with respect to
the bracket of M. And M, zero block, is the space of order M, continuous local martingale,
So our question is, how can we define H dot N in this case?
H1,
indignable
continual global maticule.
Continual global maticule means we stop,
and if we stop it, it's a maticule.
And if we stop it, if it becomes too big,
it stop causes this even a true maticule.
OK, fine.
So after stopping, we have some general theory,
except this class is much larger than our two-space
that we were working with previously.
So we need the second stopping time.
We need to stop not only when n becomes too large,
we also need to stop when the covariation process
becomes too large.
So there's a lot of stopping involved.
And then we need to show that this topic is consistent.
So we have a localizing sequence tall n for n.
So we also need a localizing sequence for the integral.
We call this new n.
That's basically a localizing sequence for H, quote unquote,
in the sense that my new n is n in the first t, where
the quadratic variation of my stochastic integral
becomes too large.
and sigma is D. So either the vertical A is large or M is large, then I stop.
Then, for any n, n n, then sigma n is n.
And if I'm stopping the integrant, this is h stopped according to sigma n, respectively u n.
So then this is quadratic variation bounded. So that's a nice integrator for mn. So that is an error bar mn.
So after stopping, we end business. So now we are inclined to set, as long as we don't stop, there is no difference between local and non-local.
So we are inclined to define the spochastic integral like this as long as we haven't stopped.
The question is, does it make sense?
Because if we stop at an eta sigma, we basically have two candidates for a sto-hostic integral.
We need to argue that yes, it does make sense.
So, why should we do?
Does this make sense?
And the answer is yes it does.
It's the 4-inch color.
If we have two martingades, two integrates, and if they agree up to stopping time, then
the stochastic integrates in reactance.
If H T inf tau is equal to G T inf tau,
and my stochastic integrates coincides as well,
then the stochastic integrals stopped at the sigma.
So then this means if I'm stopping at sigma n plus 1,
I get two different stochastic integrals,
But they agreed up to time, sigma.
Ah, this was another.
OK.
exercise
23.
We use our test object.
So, on any
test object,
We stop the bracket process.
It's the same.
We can take this inside.
So this is zero.
So now we use Konita Watanabe.
Konita Watanabe tells me, see I don't want n minus n.
I want stochastic integrals.
h dot n and g dot n.
But Konita Watanabe tells me what to do.
h dot n comma s is h dot n comma s.
Same for g.
So by Gunita Vasanare, I also work with the stochoste indirect.
So this is zero.
So then again, set H to...
as before.
So this definition...
It is consistent.
The last result, then we do a
Then we do two more exercises.
It says, yes, we have Reuters theory, dysfunctional analysis theory for stochastic integration,
but at the end of the day, again comes down to Riemann's Iltia sums.
The question is what is the components concept.
So there are a couple of additional remarks which I'm skipping.
So that's 2,490.
So let M be continuous locomotive.
So that is I want to remaster here, so I need continuous integrals.
So I assume my age is adapted and continuous.
Adapted and continuous means it is progressive.
So all these dochastic integrals, there's no idea.
But the workspace assumes progressive integrals.
Here we assume it more.
We assume continuity.
So take a sequence of partitions.
R plus.
Then
K plus 1 S.
That's a function in S, and this goes to zero in Ucp.
Now, you have to be a bit careful, because this integral is always only defined after stopping.
It's not visible here, in the way we write it.
But to make sense of this, we always need to stop.
So m is a local martin there. We take a localizing sequence.
such that, and now we use the continuity of h, you know, pathwise continuity.
So each path of h for fixed omega is uniformly bounded, and we adapt the sequence here a little bit,
So we want h on any of the stop time intervals
to be uniformly bounded.
So that works because we've seen passwords continuity.
So, um,
boop boop boop boop
Now I need to be careful with my
indices here
Okay, so
I call this HNS. Note, that's not a simple process.
Okay, adaptiveness is clear, but simple process would also mean this one is uniformly bounded.
So this becomes a simple process only after I'm doing this one.
I'm choosing the right localizing sequence.
So note, Hn is not a simple process.
What is a simple process is if I multiply Hn with this indicator.
However, Hn times 1, 0, Tor, M is zero.
and it's still predictable.
I'm stopping a predictable process that gives me something predictable.
So it says in particular,
in L,
now which Martin A,
I'm stopping M according to this stopping. So I can put the M there.
So we have two indices. One for stopping the martingale, one for the partitions.
So, what else do we know? Hn, one, zero, toho m, minus Hn, toho m.
So again, by continuity, I have a passwise approximation of H by my simple processes, Hn, and up to
up to the localization.
And here we need to that.
Pathwise approximation of h and h.
So I can approximate on each of these integrants, integrants, on these integrants 0 tau I know what to do, that's the definition of logomatic.
So now the green tickets, this is back to the chromatic.
So now...
This should give me the result.
Of course, this one is just this one up to Storberg.
Same here.
So this is really to be understood in the sense of definition of stochastic integrals
with respect to global values.
You need to stop.
The HNs are strictly speaking as simple processes, they are the integrals of simple processes, right?
This one?
Yeah. With respect to that?
Yeah, okay. If I do this, you're right. I guess I don't want to do that. I guess, yeah, you're right.
Yeah, we should just take the indicator of the interval.
So if my HN is equal to this on the corresponding time interval.
So you're absolutely right. So my H and T is...
This is what I meant.
Again, the point is these guys are not necessarily bounded.
Fair point.
Stability of stochastic integrals.
Thank you.
dust and flame.
So if I perturb the integrates, I perturb the integrates.
We have a continuous log of martingale. We have something in that block. If the integrand
converge UCP. We need to stop again twice. When the martingale becomes too large, when
quadratic variation becomes too large. So first of all, we can add it. We set it in.
We stop when n becomes too large.
And then we stop again when the quadratic variation
with respect to the stopped martingale comes too large.
So we have a second index, tau mn.
This is the inf t.
So we compute the quadratic variation.
h u squared d n u.
And what does 2 large mean in this case?
1 over m.
So not very large actually.
But bottom line is, I guess I'm
I'm going to show I want an n here.
You will see.
I guess I want an n because I know this one goes to 0.
That's my assumption.
So the quadratic variation won't be very large.
Large n.
Of course I need an n because h is 0
So there must be a quadratic variation of the integral h at dot mn
So
Okay
What do we want?
So, we are interested in probability of H and D M.
We want this to go with this.
That's the statement.
Hn dot m converges to zero in u z.
We need to get our stopping times in here,
because only when we stop, we can use nm or nm.
So there are two possibilities.
The first possibility is tm n inf tm is less or equal to t,
or it's bigger than t.
If it's bigger than t, I can stop at s inf this one.
It won't change anything here, and I'm just adding this probability.
So plus P sub S inf Tm and inf Tm.
m. So if the stopping time is bigger than t,
we don't change anything, and it's less than t,
we put this p of the probability of the m.
so
we start with the second term
now because we are stopping
we write
h
indicator
of this
There is a dm, but we stop at time tm, so the m is actually a tm.
So the second term equals P to 0 to S H squared indicator.
and up to m, m is equal to m.
So this one is important.
So, what do I know about this?
The stop martingale, the stop thing here is a true martingale.
and I'm stopping the integral when the quadratic variation becomes too big.
So that's a margin gap.
So this is a continuous margin gap.
So this is what we need to stop into.
But we need to smuggle the stopping times in.
So we can apply 2.
The probability of the running supremum of a martingalexine is so at 11 for p equal to
2, while u this is less or equal 4 times dnn greater
equal to that.
OK?
Markov, 4 over delta squared.
The expected value of this random variable squared.
What is the expected value of that random variable squared?
Isometry is the expected vertical
the sum of t blah blah blah 1 d m
And here is blah blah blah here, here, is the stopping time.
And this stopping time says, okay, when my quadratic variation, which is precisely the thing,
here, when this becomes too big, I'm stopping. So by these stopping times that we have in here,
This one is at most one overlay.
The first stopping time gives me multi-gap property.
The second stopping time bounds this term by this.
So I can choose m large and this is small.
We are still having this curve. We want that to be small as well. This is a localizing sequence for m.
So first, we choose m so large so that p tau m less or equal t is less or equal epsilon over 3.
And this bound here we also want to be.
to be, let's say, .
But for the first firm, we also have this locket.
So we need to take care of this one as well.
So we want this one.
Now we have chosen n.
So now we have the same variable, we have the n here.
So now we choose n so that tau mn less or equal g,
for this n, it's less or equal epsilon over three,
forward n.
For fixed n.
So, we know
So this is Hn square dm.
Now, Hn converges to H, H is zero.
This goes to zero,
and probability of H in the Cp.
And the torque at M said,
okay, we stop when this becomes too large.
So now choose N0.
Yes.
So this set, there was a 1 over something.
Whenever we exceed that, we stop.
That's it.
basically have x-heases.
Because the point-wise approximation
is the zero function gives
the second stopping time is also small.
So then we have three terms.
This one, we have this less than p, that less than t.
We first choose n,
we take a two, then we choose n.
So if we have continuous integrals, we have stability property.
Just a half step.
Integral.
OK.
So, we have to theory.
Further questions.
What comes here?
I think the square there is not needed in the first two lines.
Which square?
We'll look at the second term. Yeah, it first comes from, yeah.
Because then we will have the fourth power in the third line.
And that is probably true.
We also didn't have it in the beginning.
Yeah, if I have a bracket here I need it.
But if I don't have it, you're right.
So this is not there, then it's not here either.
But it's there in the cluster.
This square is there.
Yeah, yeah.
And then it's inside the...
And this is good.
Yeah.
Good.
Despite the.
Further questions?
As M to the power of M when we used to do the differential, it makes it.
Yeah, it's not power, it's stopping time T.
Yeah.
Tm, but we're tau M, but we defined it for tau N, which is confusing down below.
Yeah, this was for tau N, right?
Yeah, right.
And then I'm wondering if this is an N actually.
Yeah, because we are using it here for fixed M. No, no, this is OK. For fixed M and this
So this one goes to 0. There's n here, and there is...
But there is n here, right?
Something is not quite right.
So that...
Because we are writing this dm, n, and then...
Should we have written D, M, N?
Where are my toes?
The Tau's view to the right.
Immediately the law proof you define.
To the right.
And to the bottom.
Yes, I just have to write.
To the bottom right.
Okay.
We have Tau, M, and Tau.
Okay.
Well, you're right, because here the meanings of M and M are different.
Sorry for that.
So it should be an M then?
So when I wrote M, M, when I should have written an M, because that's the stopped one,
and here then, yeah, so this M is correct, but, yeah, I'm sorry.
So the right thing to do is to be consistent, and then there's n here.
The n here is fine.
And then it's probably an n here.
Or it's going to end here.
It's going to end here, I guess.
Fix the images.
The definition of tower M, N, N, bigger or equal to M now, right?
So I mean, the story is fix M and then choose N.
So then that's suggested as real N.
And it relates to the record process of M, N.
I also fix it and I brought yet another update for you.
A little outlook, what comes next.
So, we did everything for Brownian Motion, and we said, okay, you know, it also works
a lot, I think it is, with some adjustments.
The question is, when is Brownian motion enough?
And that's what we're going to do in chapter five.
So in chapter five, basically, we're asking the question,
if our uncertainty is generated by Brownian motion.
Of course, I have a filtration.
I can have a general marking here with respect to this filtration.
Is this just a Brownian motion in carbon flush?
And there are three aspects.
One is we'll show that any random variable, which is measurable with respect to a Brownian
filtration, can actually be represented as a Brownian integral.
That only works for the Brownian filtration.
It's a key assumption that we have a Brownian filtration.
Second, every continuous martingale is basically a time-change Brownian motion.
This is the bit in spirit to the result from Monday where we use the time change to change
dA integrates to dT integrates.
We do something similar there.
And the third result is that, okay, let's add a drift to a Browning motion.
So then of course the sun is no longer a Browning motion.
And then there's a result that says we can undo the drift and hide it in a measure change.
So a Brownian motion with drift is a Brownian motion under a different measure.
A continuous martingale with respect to a Brownian infiltration is basically just a time-change
Brownian motion.
And every random variable measure with respect to a Brownian motion is a stochastic integral
with respect to Brownian motion.
So if your uncertainty, if your information comes entirely from a Brownian motion, it
basically says Brownian integrals are all you need.
Mostly speaking.
Okay, so that's chapter 5.
There are maybe two exercises left.
So, Amy did the transients of three-dimensional grounding motion.
And she also did this example that the inverse of the normal three-dimensional grounding motion is a local martingale but not a martingale.
So it is a margin there as long as you keep it away from the auditor.
And then the intent be a man and said there is a little gap in one estimate and he was
absolutely right.
So the idea of this is called the Bessel process.
this inverse of the norm of three-dimensional Brownian motions,
you're summing squares of standard, of non-standard normal random variables
when you start the Brownian motion elsewhere.
And that's a generalized chi-square distribution.
And you need some properties of this distribution to do the estimates in that example.
So one exercise was this.
So this was this generalized psi squared distribution. This was essentially the sum, the distribution
of the sum of squared n mu 1 random variables. If you do this, you get the generalized psi
square distribution and this lambda I think was the sum of the mu's or sum of mu's squares or something.
And this was something that appeared in the example. So n bigger than two.
That's why it doesn't work for two-dimensional problem. This estimate that we come up here only
needs three normal radicules. Two is not enough. It needs three. We have to go to dimension three for
with this example to work.
And what is extremely well understood
in everything in closed form, if you have standard psi
square variance.
So I'm summing standard, the square of standard normal
random variables.
And the exercise sentiment gave so many hints
is basically trivial. So in this example, an object of this form appeared. Now intuitively,
these generalized variables, they have additional, they have a non-trivial expected variable.
So you should think you're adding something to x compared to y, so this inequality is
very intuitive.
So intuitively x is bigger than y because you're summing non-standard variables.
And the nice thing is for a y-object,
we know exactly what the inverse is.
So if I'm taking the expected value
of the inverse of a standard size
square distributed random variance
with m degrees of freedom, so m standard normal
standard random variance that I'm summing,
It's 1 over n minus 2.
So the hint there was, the fact is this,
we represent this distribution as a fonceau mixture of these distributions.
We have a density for this.
So the density of this one, f lambda, is a Poisson mixture of densities of this one.
So Poisson mixture means I have exponential negative lambda square.
Lambda square to the power of k divided by k factorial.
So that's what we know from Poisson random variables.
And then we take the density of a Xi square random variable
with this parameter.
So where fm is the density.
standard psi square variable. And for this we can compute.
This one here I already said
So that was the hint you could use both
With all distance strip
We use tonality or convenient whatever it is
E1 over x is integral over x, integral over x dx.
We interchange integration and sum.
Now this F and M, N plus 2K.
Does this, the expectation,
This expectation is this one.
So if I'm just dropping the k, I'm having this, and now the k is gone.
So the k is only here.
And here I'm just summing the density of the possum.
So this estimate kills this case.
So this is equal to 1 over 1 and minus 2.
I take an example with this kind of estimate.
That is what he told me.
He said I did the example with the corrected value.
In the example, n is the ..
So there's a one here.
In the example, there's Brownian motion at time t.
But Brownian motion at time t is square root t times
Brownian motion at time 1 in rho.
So there was an additional t in this example,
which if you compute the inverse, became a 1 over t.
So in the example, with this one,
there was some expected value bounded by one over square root of t.
And that goes to zero.
And if it were a martingale, it would have to be constant.
So did he do this?
Yeah, OK, good.
So does what he does.
And then the last equation, did anybody do it?
I'm not sure I think we also did something similar in the last lecture about the equation,
equation but i'm not sure if it's something else
so there was a representation of the heat equation in the last lecture
yeah that's what we did and the exercise says once you know how to solve the heat equation
you know how to solve much more general pd's
I have a question about this exercise
How do we
Why are we allowed to use
How do we know that it's integrable
What?
The expectation of one way
That's part of the hint
So
This
We didn't prove this
So the expectation of one over standard
psi square random variable
this has a specific representation yeah but x is not standard and the one that
that's exactly the point so because in that example we are starting the Brownian motion
outside the origin so the random variables we're having a non-standard moment because they're
non-standard normally we get this additional parameter.
And for this you have no closed form expression.
You know the density, but you have no closed form expression
for the inverse.
And the thing that we needed to compute
was the inverse of the norm of the three-dimensional
problem in motion.
So we have to compute the expected value of the inverse
of this.
And for this, without the lambda, we know what it is.
With the lambda, we don't know.
But since it is intuitively, the x comes with additional parameters, is bigger than y, intuitively this makes sense.
And here we just compute.
So maybe your question is why can we do this?
Yeah, like, I mean, no, I just mean why can we interchange?
Why can we interchange? Because we know that this whole thing here is bounded. So we have
the k in the denominator. So we have a uniform bound for k, we just drop it. And then you
you have your dominated function, dominating function.
So it's basically in hindsight, yeah?
So this step here also justifies that we can do that.
Good, done.
I'm just giving you the transformations for this heat equation.
So heat equation, you'll see we can represent in probabilistic terms, which is not surprising,
because if you look at how you actually solve
analytical to the heat equation,
you take the initial value of the initial condition,
or terminal condition, whichever,
and integrate with respect to the heat
current with respect to normal distribution.
But normal distribution, that's what
probably motion gives you.
So all right.
So the thing says that you solve, and by solve you
mean in a classical sense of 0, 2, solve the equation.
So u t is 1 half u x x with some initial function.
OK.
So the first was solve an initial variable problem of this variety.
vt is beta squared over 2 minus alpha v minus beta vx plus 0 of vx6.
And the initial, so let's write it because this.
The approach is already hidden here.
with b times 0, b exp minus b to x.
So x, yeah.
And the answer to be made is just,
I mean, if at the initial time this is just an exponential
transformation of the E equation, the answers that we make
the real real guessing is
x dx.
just compute
compute for vt, vx, vx exist and you will see that it works out
and the second one, so I use this to solve for a positive
And this one, WtA over 2 Wxx plus Dwx plus Cw.
So in other words, you have a homogeneous, this is important, there's no additive term here
You have a homogeneous linear second order PD
And this is nothing but the heat equation
because, so now we make the following methods.
VTY is gain whole thing in space WT squared AY.
So assuming W solves the equation we have there,
we look at what V solves, we realize V solves precisely this one and then we use this.
So then vt is one half vyy, just b over square root a, vyy,
plus Cb, and now take beta
this and alpha beta squared over 2 minc.
So then, Vt is 1 half Vyy, which is this one, plus Vy, which is this one,
plus, okay, what is C?
c is beta squared over 2 minus alpha b, which is this.
So after another transformation,
the C equation, so we define the solution of the obtained solution by this function.
So the solution of this PDEs or ODEs is if you have an idea what your solution looks like.
It's not too difficult if you don't have an idea it's impossible.
You have to have an idea where to start.
Alright.
So we still have some time.
