I have to go to the Brandenburger Bramford, to the floor.
I'm going to go to the front of the front.
I'm going to go to the front of the front.
the
English, German, English.
Okay, good.
So, the plan for today, we basically merge exercises and lecture into probably one and a half lectures, and then we are done with section four.
So, we know how to define for the continuous local martingale L2 bounded M and H in progressive
satisfying this integrability condition,
we can define the stochastic integral. h dot m, stochastic integral of h.
The idea of the proof was, for simple processes, we know what to do. For simple processes,
we have an isometry. So what can we approximate? We approximate it essentially the same way
we did for Brownian motion up to a time change.
So the time change allowed us to reduce it essentially
to dt integrates.
And the time change was also what
required progressive measurability.
So if my measure coming from the quadratic variation
absolutely continuous respect to the back,
then we can do it as in the case of probability motion.
OK, so then h at that point square n degree minus n.
So time change involved.
Again, the time change required the progress.
OK, so now we want properties of the stochastic integrals.
And in particular, we want to characterize it.
We know to some extent already that the bracket process
characterizes the continuous Martin K.
And we now want to use, understand some properties of brackets of stochastic
.
So some really binaries.
Not doing everything in detail in the notes.
We need to do integration with respect to covariance processes, and not just the covariance
process, but also the total variation method associated with the covariance process.
So, if we have the sine measure, one part, so we know we can uniquely decompose it.
Positive part, negative part.
So, the total variation measure is defined by just the difference here,
or positive negative, but just something.
The total variation measure is this one.
So if we integrate, so we use this dot notation that we use for sporadic integrals from now
also for measures of F, D, U, of course, we have this.
And absolute continuity is preserved by total variation.
So if my measure nu is absolutely continuous with respect
to a positive measure mu, then
mu is absolutely continuous with respect to mu as well, and the density is the absolute
value of the density of mu.
And this follows from uniqueness of our anti-composition, because this is just g plus g minus, so this density and that density.
And we are applying this pathwise to quadratic variation processes.
So we do this omega by omega, to the covariation process.
And so in particular, if we integrate,
so this is now the total variation measure,
not the absolute value.
We have to be a bit careful distinguishing absolute values today from total variation
measures.
The first little technical element to prove this in the next generation, which is not
difficult, is this one.
So we want to understand this total variation measure coming from the cross variation.
We would like to have some kind of a Cauchy-Schwarz type inequality.
So we would like to bound that in terms of the quadratic variation of m and n.
And this lemma here tells us later essentially how to do it.
So we are having two finite porel measures
and a side measure.
We want the criteria for absolute continuity.
So if the absolute value, this is the absolute value now, nu of i, i is any half open interval.
or in other words for any set from a generator of the Boron sigma field.
So if I can bound this less or equal square root of the product mu1 and mu2, then
Then the measure mu, and here we said if mu is absolutely continuous, then the total variation
measure is absolutely continuous as well.
So then you enhance the total variation measure.
Again, this is absolute value.
The argument stands inside the absolute value.
If you're outside, it would be the value of the total variation measure, but it's inside.
They are absolutely continuous with respect to, well, we are just averaging U1 and U2.
And that's essentially just binomial formula.
So this one you can link easily to this product.
And what's the density?
The absolute value of the density of this guy.
In other words, the density of the total variation measure.
I can bound this, I'm inheriting this structure here, by the square root of f1 times f2.
And what are these densities?
I'm having these two positive measures here.
Here I average them.
So each of these positive measures mu1, mu2 is absolutely continuous with respect to mu.
So fi is the density of mui with respect to mu.
So, the proof is a lot shorter than the statement of the lemma, so I'm just referring to the
lecture notes here.
And we apply this to the covariation
for two nice marting.
The corollary is this one.
So, we need to verify this one. This is now our covariance process. This is the quadratic
variation of n respectively. So, Ts, half open interval.
is less or equal, on the right side we have square root. Square root, measure mu1 mu2.
the new one measure, the new two measure.
So this is for almost all together.
Covariation exists pass-wise.
So in particular,
the covariation measure
is absolutely continuous with respect to this average.
It is absolutely continuous with respect to one half
P almost true.
So the quadratic and the co-variation
and the total variation are both absolutely continuous
with respect to the sum of the quadratic variations.
What is the subtlety in the proof? The subtlety in the proof is there will be two null sets.
So one null set comes from here, from almost all the way. The other null set will come
because we are going to multiply m and n by,
why am I writing m1 and n?
This is m, this is n, this is m, this is m.
So, you will see.
So we fix some alpha.
We don't want to work with the covariation, we want to work with the quadratic variation.
Quadratic variation is nice.
What links covariation and quadratic variation is polarization.
So we are using polarization.
Zero, less or equal, and now I'm multiplying m by square root alpha.
And I'm adding respectively subtracting one over square root alpha n.
And I want an inequality. So that's an increasing process. Covariation is not. Quadratic variation is increasing.
So, if I'm subtracting the quadratic variation, this is an earlier point in time, as I get this inequality.
So now I use linearity in both arguments. So what is left? There is left quadratic variation of n with alpha, but there are basically two alphas, so alpha square with alpha square.
minus this, plus minus.
Then I have cross terms.
Plus minus.
If I take the cross terms, I write my square root alba with one square root alba, so that's good.
2
And then there's N
with the 1 over
that becomes 1 over alpha
N2 minus Ns.
So that's polarization.
Okay?
So I have plus minus here.
I bring this to the other side.
I can put on this side the absolute value of this one.
So 2 times the absolute value is less or equal alpha times this one plus 1 over alpha, the difference in the edge.
And this holds for all items. So in particular, it holds for the minimum. So now, we are minimizing the right hand side with respect to item.
So then I'm having this increment here minus 1 over alpha squared this increment.
So the maximizer is, for the minimizer, the minimizer is alpha star is equal to square root, now I'm going this right,
and S.
And now if you plug this in here, then increment this increment, so that becomes the square root of this one.
Here I take the inverse, same thing.
This increment is the one that's here, so...
Wait.
So minimize and now plug.
The sign that I was referring to comes here in another group.
Okay, so cross variation, absolutely continuous with respect to the sum of the quadratic variation.
So now comes to the key result, which is the song called Kunita Latanari.
And Kunita Vatanava tells us two things. It tells us how to bound covariations of stochastic
integrals. And second, it tells us that the covariation of
stochastic integrals can be obtained by an integral with
respect to the covariation process of the integrators.
So, what is kumida vatananasi?
So we are taking two continuous gray
We take something H that we can integrate with respect to this L bar
bar was the closure with respect to our norm involving the Doley-Roh measure
And this letter L stood for equivalence classes.
Or represented from equivalence classes.
We take something that we can integrate with respect to.
First statement, we take the product of H and G and integrate this
with respect to the covariance.
Let's take the square root.
Now, the first inequality is trivial.
I take the absolute value of the integrates and integrate with respect to the total variation.
So that's trivial.
And now comes some kind of
Cauchy-Schwarz type inequality.
Namely, less or equal
the L2 norm of H with respect to the dually home measure coming from M times G squared
integrated with respect to the quadratic variation
the second result says the covariance
of two stochastic integrates small question so yeah this is the power of two and it's only one
the covariance of two stochastic integrals, which is a very complicated object. We're
integrating with respect to different martingades here, so we can just take the product of H
and G and integrate this with respect to the covariance process.
And if you put A and B together, we get some pushy Schwarz type in the point.
the expected value of the absolute value of the covariance
is less or equal. So this one is less or equal than the absolute value of this.
the absolute value of this is less or equal to this, and this is bound like this. So this is less or equal.
And with Bozzi-Schwarz, expected value of this times
expected value of this with some square roots.
So this A and B .
To prove A, B was an exercise.
Since we're integrating exercises into the lecture today,
you also prove B.
But I need more space.
So what's the challenge in A?
It's really the different measures
The one corresponding to n and the one corresponding to n
but the previous one already tells us
if we have an object like this
we can work with one measure
We just take quadratic variation of n plus quadratic variation of n.
Then we have something, a measure that dominates this.
Proof of n.
So we have a measure.
namely the co-variation measure.
And we have another measure, the total variation which we could succeed inside.
We know they are both dominated by the same measure.
measure. So we know the xi dominated by a measure eta and so is xi hat.
and what is the ITER measure
so there goes the
previous corollary
so we have densities
n and n
of course are also
dominated by this one.
So we have a total of three,
respectively four densities here.
So D bracket M, D eta,
that's my density number one.
And these densities have two arguments,
time and omega.
I'm arguing pass-wise,
when we're talking about quadratic variation
covariation and these are measures on R. So I have two arguments, time and omega.
My quadratic variation for N also has a density with respect to E. I call this F2.
My covariation has a density, I call this F3, and my total variation measure also has a density, and that density is the absolute value of this one.
So that is absolute credit of f3.
Now, we are doing something very similar to this one.
with two parabens.
So I want inequalities.
I want kind of point-wise inequalities.
For this, I need an order.
The order I have when working with quadratic variation.
So 0, less or equal.
Now I'm taking quadratic variation.
of m plus n when I'm putting parameters in front.
I multiply m by alpha and n by beta.
Later we use very specific alphas and betas to get the inequality.
In the previous corollary we choose this alpha star to get the inequality we want.
Later we choose alpha to be something and beta to be something else to get this.
So for any alpha, beta, n.
So n time t minus the same thing at time x.
beta n
at times.
I'm using
polarization.
So I get alpha
quadratic variation of m.
Quadratic variation of m
is absolutely continuous with respect to eta.
I get mixed terms,
demixed, decovariation.
Absolutely continuous with respect to eta.
And I'm getting n terms,
absolutely continuous with respect to eta.
So this basically brings the same thing
on the same neural rate.
So this is S to T,
Alpha square d bracket m. But d bracket m is f1 of time omega d eta omega.
Cross terms plus 2 alpha beta d covariation.
d covariation is f3 d eta.
f3 u omega d eta.
and plus beta squared F2.
The fact that we have a dominating measure for all of the measures involved here
give us this. Now comes the little solitude. This holds for all
of all omega,
but I'm talking quadratic variation of alpha n plus beta.
So the set of measure zero depends now
on alpha and beta of full measure.
So here is a measure, B omega, and here is another measure, a measure of P.
So this holds for all alpha beta, and once I fix alpha beta, the quadratic variation exists as a path.
So, this set depends on alpha beta, but it does not depend on s or t. The quadratic
variate exist as a path. And all s and t. And that's very important because now we can
basically test if something holds for all s and t, then this inequality here actually
holds pointwise to the function that I'm integrating on the set of full measure of this eta measure.
So my inequality here holds point-wise, so alpha squared F T F1 plus 2 alpha beta F2 plus beta squared.
This is greater than equal to zero for all t from
the always measurable subset of R
omega from this set and this is a measure which has full support.
And eta of this measure is
Now, if this inequality holds for all rational alpha and beta, it holds for all.
If star holds alpha, beta, and epsilon, then 4 alpha, beta, and alpha.
So I have two sets of measure zero, respectively one.
So I take omega tilde to be the intersection of all this omega alpha meter.
So that's a set of full measure.
And for the literometer from this set, I take,
Let me write this as 9 sets as well.
So.
So.
I'm going to take this one.
So, then this inequality
Omega from this set and T
not
I guess I want the union
T, not intercept.
T, not intercept.
What?
Ah!
Why didn't I embrace this?
Shit!
Okay.
I'm pulling this inequality back to my head.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
I am pulling this inequality back for the nerve, sorry.
This I should not have done.
So my inequality was this one.
Alpha square 1 T omega 2 alpha meter f3 plus meter square f2
Okay, this will make me equal to
So now, if I have an omega t from here and a t which does not belong to the set, I choose
alpha and beta in a particular way, depending on t.
I choose the same definition for any t because later we are integrating this.
So now we choose the following alphas and meters.
So we take alpha to be A times ht of omega tilde.
A we choose later, so we are reducing the alpha beta parameter to a single parameter now.
So A to beta parameter reduced from 2 to 1 parameter.
And beta is sine of F3. I have this F3 here. If I multiply with the sine, I get the absolute value.
that's the reason we are using the sign, times absolute value of g.
So now if this end t is not in the set, my inequality star holds.
This way.
At the same time, all other t's for given omega form a null set for the eta measure.
So in particular, if we integrate, we can still use the same alphas and petas.
Because when the inequality does not work pointwise, that's a set of prime points which is not seen by eta.
So we are integrated.
A square, alpha, square.
So, I think this is easier.
So we see a squared integral 0 to t f1 times absolute value of h, I want h squared.
Ah, of course. Alpha square. A square. A square. F1 d-meter. F1 d-meter gives me this.
plus
2
A
integral
beta
absolute value of G
from alpha comes this one
H times G
absolute value
of F3
d ether
absolute value of F3 d eta is the total variation measure of the covariance process, plus the
sine square becomes 1, G square F whatever it is, 2 d eta and F2 d eta is dns.
And that's not there.
Point-wise ending point-integraated.
And now we're in the same situation as before.
We had something with a single parameter.
So now we have only one parameter, and we're
going to minimize one.
Minimizer and plug.
Exactly the same as before.
This plays an approach.
minimizer is this one over this one. Plug it in. We get the boot.
So this was one. We said exercise.
Any questions about this proof?
So take a linear combination, add it in, and be careful about the noise sensor.
So we clip A. In the updated version of the lecture notes, there's one extra exercise,
which is very helpful to actually put B. This is this one.
And to some extent, they notice already
maybe improved the existence of the bracket process.
Let's say we have a sequence of marginal gills with m that converts to some limit.
Converging to limit means m and infinity.
So Mn converges in M, then the bracket processes converge to UCP.
uniformly on compact time intervals in probability.
Any idea why this is the case?
So you need a
So you need a
So we know something about
m minus n
So that's again a continuous
So I can look at the bracket of this process. But I want the bracket of n and mn so a covariance
term appears. If I'm looking at this difference, for the covariance term, I need to equal
equal to the opposite.
So we set N, N, N, N minus N.
Continuous square integral.
So then we know e n infinity squared goes to zero.
So that's good because we also know that n n converges to zero in ucp by Markov's inequality.
I use polarization.
Polarization tells me the bracket of nn by definition of nn.
This is this.
This is this.
So, if I take the difference of the brackets, I want to learn something about the difference of the brackets,
I have to look at this bracket and it is covariation.
bracket m minus bracket m is bracket m plus 2 covariate.
So what we want to prove, this goes to zero in Ucp.
We want this to go to zero in Ucp.
This one is up to you.
Why is this true?
We know this.
This is the end norm of this marty game.
There's an alternative representation,
which is very useful.
Put two and two together. Increasing. UCP. So we want essentially to know something about
the value of this processor time infinity. So if you put infinity here and look again here,
How do you know?
Well, that's linked. We know the bracket
is the unique process that if I subtract it from the square of the martingale,
it gives me a martingale. So we know
And n, where my, as a bracket, is a marticle.
Continuous marticle.
Actually, only a local marticle, but we have everything else to bound the t.
So I know the absolute value of this one is equal to the absolute value of that one.
And I know something about absolute values here.
So in particular, we take expectations.
We know one more thing, we know it's L2 bounded, so we can close it.
So it's martingale L2 bounded.
Why is it L2 bounded?
Because I was just asking this question before, we have an alternative representation of the
the m-law, the alternative representation of the m-law
of this one, which clearly comes from the radical property of n
square minus bracket.
So we take expectation, and we know this one
This one is equal to
this one.
We don't even have to go through the Martin here argument
if we use this representation
last week at some point.
But if you go through the Martin here argument,
we also get it.
And this
So now anything crazy.
So now A is increasing.
So SUP
S and S equals T
and then S,
so we put them this.
Now we have time marked.
By Markov's inequality we can link
P,
So this greater or equal epsilon, less or equal,
the probability of that being bigger than epsilon, less or equal,
1 over epsilon squared, expect the value of the different variables.
E and infinity.
And this vanishes.
This was the easy thing.
So we have the sum here of two,
the bracket process.
Now we still need to look at the covariance.
But if you look at this inequality, why can I not put infinity here?
I mean I can't clearly do this.
Sick.
I'm sure I cannot do this.
Or can I?
No, I can. In this case, it's just trivial.
So, you can just put infinity there.
So we still need to show...
So now we need to consider the covariance process.
Now, for the covariance process we apply part A.
So, A tells me, here, set h and g equal to 1, that I can estimate the covariance by the product of m and n.
So, and N, as an absolute value or sign measure, is less or equal than this.
So, for all T, little T, for all capital T, soup, now we put that here.
So, here is equal mt and p.
And some square.
So, I forgot the answer.
So, and.
This one is integral of 3.5.
This one, we have seen, converges to zero in ucd.
So divided by something finite, it doesn't change anything.
So therefore, this one is not vanishes.
So convergence of margin gates in this M norm implies UCP convergence of the covariance process.
And for this, we have now proved p. So exercise for one. Proof. And it says where, first prove this for elementary processes and then
to approximation.
For elementary process, we don't prove it.
It's all possible.
So, we take simple processes that approximate.
So, H and H, G and G to G.
But the norms are different. The HN converges with respect to the Doreau measure associated with M, the GN with respect to M.
So, Xn is the stochastic integral of Hn, Yn is the stochastic integral of G with respect to N,
So easy.
I have what I want.
respectively g. So easy, I have what I want,
for similar processes
they're just a bunch of styles
also now we use the previous exercise
So we know xn converges to x, that's the definition of the domestic integral, and yn into y.
So XN goes to X with respect to this N-norm.
We know YN goes to Y.
So the previous exercise tells me the covariation process converges in UCP
to the covariation
of x
and y.
So I know
I have this equality
from simple processes.
I know where the left hand side converges.
So the left side converges
in UCP by the previous exercise
to this.
So what I want to show
and what is B telling me?
B is telling me the covariance is equal to
product of integrator with respect to the covariance.
So what I want to show is that this guy
Okay, HNGN, a deep record, goes to HGN.
Let's work on the show.
Now we need to leave this anymore.
So, we know h into h, g into g, but we never have any differences here at this point.
So we need differences of H or G's, otherwise we cannot apply it. So we need to rewrite things.
So we want to show HNGN dot XN minus HG.
and now we are dividing
this a little bit
we need to bring in differences
so we rewrite this as
HN minus H
GN
in the way that we respect to
MN
minus
and then H
G
minus G
and then
so I hope that's correct
that's H and G
and H G N
H G N here comes with a plus
and here's H G so that looks just fine
okay so we want to show
So this goes to zero.
We again need part A.
Namely, this one we can again decompose as h n minus h d bracket m times g n d bracket m
by power A
H
N
N
S less or equal
X square root
So I take expectations.
expectations.
But with obtaining expectations, I can use
Kousy Schwarz.
So I have the product here.
So now, h and approximates h.
So this part goes to 0.
That's the definition of the n-norm.
Good question.
And why is it g n squared?
Because there's a square missing here.
Ah, OK.
When you compute the quadratic variation,
it's always integral squared.
Yes, thank you.
So the approximation in n-norm tells me this expectation here is finite.
And now I'm using that my g n goes to g in this n-norm.
So the slope E of this one is finite.
So that vanishes.
Same for the second one.
So now I can again apply Markov's
in the committee.
This square is important here,
because we need increasing processes.
So we want to deduce UCP.
We need to again do Markov,
and we can bound it by the value of the integral as time
divided to t.
So for the using p, this is extremely important.
Otherwise, it would not be an increasing process.
OK.
Any further questions about ?
these exercises.
We have 10 more minutes for the break.
We want to characterize the stochastic integral.
one, and second, we want to understand how stochastic integrates behave with stopping.
So intuitively, if you stop the integral, it should be the same as stopping the integrator
or the integrator.
There's a relatively shown proof of it.
So the first statement of this proposition is a characterization.
We have a stochastic integral h dot m.
h dot n and we know it's a martingale. It's a unique in parentheses square integral of
a martingale such that the inner product n
Now what is Kunita Batal-Nabe telling me?
Kunita Batal-Nabe is just proof, tells me the bracket of two stochastic integrals is the product of the integrants, D bracket.
So I can take the H out.
That's what Kunita Batal-Nabe tells me.
So, n, n, and this holds for all n from n.
And this stochastic integral is indeed the only square integral of martingale for which this holds.
and B tells me we use this characterization to prove B. B tells me for any moment stopping time
Tor, we can either stop the instrument, or stop the integral process, or
Stop the Antiglote.
The martingale, the rest of the equal cells, is the only one.
You need to be with this one.
So assume we have another nice barring here.
Such that xn is equal to this one.
Then what?
We put something else here.
Now what?
One is inclined to take the difference, but what bothers me if I take the difference,
And this h is in front.
But for me to put it inside.
So this is this.
And now I can take the difference.
x minus hm.
And
now you do what you would do in Rn.
You just take for n the same vector.
So then x minus m.
This is zero. But this means the m norm is zero. Because what is the m norm? The m norm is either the expected value of the process square at the turbulent time or the expected value of the bracket at the turbulent time.
So the heat bracket is gone. So X is HN in M. So PN. Almost true.
Okay, let's quickly do the B. So the thing is now part B. We want something about schochastic
integrals, but the stochastic integral is kind of characterized by the bracket. This
is what A says. The covariance characterizes the stochastic integral, and the covariance,
the bracket integral, is just a very nice integral. It's a human type sum integral. So, part
first inequality. So bracket HM. We are testing. This is a stochastic integral. We are testing.
But these are nice integrates. So for instance, I can just stop the bracket process. This
is very nice. H of N stop the bracket process. Okay? So I can use this one. This is equal
equal to H and N. Stop this. But again, this is a Riemann sum. So I'm free to put the
Tor as an outside parenthesis or here or here. So that's H stopped MN. And now I'm just putting it back in.
This is H.
So this is the only...
Now I have again this is equal to this, so I'm doing the same argument as here.
Similar for the second integral.
So the reason we need to do it this way, so far we're doing this integral, but so far we have no Riemann type sum interpretation of the Storovtic integral.
It was a pure function analytic argument.
Define something for simple processes, extend.
But we don't know yet whether this looks like
an integral for real analysis.
But we do know that these objects
are just limits of sums.
So there we can play.
Okay, so then let's have a 15 minute break and then continue.
