So these were the two main results that we used.
Then we showed that we let it open.
Open from the outside.
Then we showed that we convergent
this equation.
And we introduced this DBL metric
where we compared integrates
the set of bounded Dipschitz continuous functions.
And B, everything, the next one is called B and 1
because the Dipschitz with constant 1.
So what was the idea here?
The idea here was if we take
the set of bounded Dipschitz continuous functions
and restrict it
to a compact set
then by Ascoli-Arcelor that's compact
and the set of
continuous function of a compact set
is
separate and complete.
So compactness
is equivalent
to
totally bounded.
And totally bounded
meant
that the soup
could essentially be reduced
to a max.
So for any epsilon,
we need to find that number of functions
and up to epsilon
we can then approximate any of these functions
so
that essentially
became a max
and then we could use point-wise
convergence
for all these functions
these finally many functions.
So that's what gave us
this result.
And then we showed
sequences
what probability
on compact sets have
equal convergence
sequences.
And how did that go?
that go
we find
a sub-sequence
such that for any functions
from a bounded set
f are from a dense set
we converge.
n, k, f
converges
to some real number
from a counter-dead set
from a counter-dead set
from a counter-dead set
and then we applied
reads
and since it's now in the latest version
for action notes
not yet in yours but in mine
just in case you haven't seen it
So he says, so this defined the bounded linear of the net, L VL to R, just this limit.
And for any function, we take the limit around the subsequence and it converges.
So that defines an operator, and this operator, we want to represent in terms of probability measure.
And Reed says the following, the standard Reed says that XB, so at least we need locally compact and housed.
So housed-off means any two distinct points can be separated by open sets.
So any matrix base is housed-off.
And we have an operator, L, on the set of continuous functions.
Now, if we are working with locally compact, then the set of functions here is the set of continuous functions with compact support.
And of course, in general, that, as a set of test functions, is not large enough to guarantee reconversion.
This is what requires the extra argument that comes later.
So this is positive, positive function in, positive result out, linear and bounded in operator norms.
So we plug in functions with pseudonym, so if we want it, then it's bounded.
Then there exists a unique, and nobody at this point tells us that L gives us a probability measure.
So L doesn't necessarily have total mass of 1.
So if we plug in the function constant 1, then the result does not have to be 1.
So there exists a unique Borel measure, mu, such that my operator can be represented, either this or this, as an integral.
And the 1 norm, so constant function 1, this is equal to e of x.
So if L of 1 is 1, then we use a probability measure.
But this requires some form of compactness, which we don't have, because our prime example is the set of continuous functions.
And the set of continuous functions is not a locally compact space.
Okay, so far so good.
Now, what we want to prove in the next step is the complicated part of O.
And it says, if we have a whole space, we have a sequence of probability measures, which is tight.
And then there exists a weakly convergent subsequent.
So, what's the thing?
No longer a compact set.
What substitutes for compactness for missing compactness is tightness.
So, in principle, we have a common support of 2 epsilon, which is compact.
So, whenever we restrict, we are essentially in a situation that we were before.
But then we have to undo the restriction.
And by undoing the restriction, we have to have a slightly different version of reads.
And undoing the restriction uses this to propose this modification of reads.
And this modification says, all I need for reads is that I can give up compactness if this operator here can be approximated by entire sequence.
So, this operator here comes in the form of probability measure.
And if there is a tight sequence of probability measure, so I assume that approximates this operator.
Then reads the logs.
And that's precisely what we need to prove in this form.
So, here's the result.
Let x be a common space.
Mu n, a sequence of, now I'm trying to say probability measures.
But later, you know, we do all these restrictions to compact sets.
These are not probability measures anymore.
Total mass is less than 1.
But they don't have to be probability measures.
They just have to be nice.
Or halimutures.
Think of this as probability measures with total mass different from 1.
So, we assume the sequence is tight.
The definition of tightness has nothing to do with probability measures.
And second, there exists a bounded linear operator, T c b of x to r, which can be approximated.
Such that there is a sequence, T n of f, which is coming from our measures mu n.
This converges to T of f for all f from the set.
And because we want probability measures to actually be normalized.
Then there exists a unique probability measure that represents T.
Then there is a unique probability measure mu, such that T of f is at volume.
So later, these guys here become restrictions or probability measures to compact sets.
And then we show the approximated operator.
This one here.
And this operator is nothing but a probability measure.
So, all the details of the proof are in the nodes.
I give you a bit of an outline.
So, what is the idea?
We need to construct mu.
How do you construct a measure?
Another is three.
You define a set function on a set of nice sets.
Compact sets, for instance.
Then you say, okay, if I know no compact sets, I can extend it, let's say, to open sets,
or to any measurement set.
And if I can do this, there's a theory that says, in this way, you have an inner measure and an outer measure,
only right here, then extend it to a larger set of sets.
Then that extends uniquely to a radon-boreal probability, depending on the setting,
measure on the ball as a graph here.
And we proceed in a similar spirit.
So, the first step is to construct a candidate measure.
So, how do we construct a candidate measure?
We start with compact sets.
We set mu of k as the soup over all.
So, what we are having is the limiting operator.
So, we use the limit operator to define a set function on a set of compact sets.
So, t of f, such that f is only continuous, restricted to a compact set as 1, and is generally between 0 and 1.
Okay, this makes sense.
We have a nice topological space.
We have something that I do with that.
So, you can basically define the indicator functions on any kind of nice set, and then outside the sets let it go to 0.
So, later, we use what?
We use that any bounded continuous function.
Measurability.
Measurability means we approximate something by indicator functions.
So, bounded continuous functions, we can approximate by linear combinations, or functions of this.
We use the alpha I.
We have alpha I.
We use alpha I.
We use alpha I.
We use alpha I.
We use alpha I.
We use alpha I.
And k I.
And k I convergence.
We use to alpha I.
And k I.
Convergence.
So, if we can approximate any continuous function by linear combinations, you can approximate
linear combinations of indicator functions on compact sets. What we would like to have is, for this candidate here, we have convergence indicator functions for compact sets.
If we have this, then now with this idea, any boundary continuous function is approximated by indicators on compact sets. We have the reconvergence to new of f.
So when we have this, any function here which participates in the supremum is greater or equal than the indicator function.
So mu n of f is less or equal mu n of f by assumption that converges to t of f.
mu k for compact sets is the sub-overall such decay at here.
So we have one uniform.
So from this, we know limit superior mu n of f is u of f.
So we need leave inf is greater equal.
Okay, so, second inequality.
So we take a function f here, which comes very close to the supremum.
So we take the function f, we take the function f out continuous between 0 and 1, restricted to the compact set equal to 1, so 1 from here, which is close to the supremum.
So we take a function f, such that t of f is greater or equal to u of f minus f side of f.
In earlier version of the notes, there was a 50 inequality, so I hope I uploaded the correct one.
So we take a function f, mu n of k, so f restricted to k is equal to 1, but the support of f may be bigger.
So this one is greater or equal, here I'm integrating over the whole domain, and now I pretend f is equal to 1 outside.
So I subtract minus mu n of x, so I subtract minus mu n of x, and I take away the suite.
So this basically uses the fact that outside the support, the function is less or equal than 1.
But my integral basically is 1 for where it is equal to 1.
Now, by tightness, I can basically get it from this way.
So for everything that comes, this way.
So I take the leave in, is greater or equal to leave in from this one.
mu n of f is the limit.
T n of f, T n of f goes to T of f, but now my f is special.
Here it is, greater or equal to mu of f minus f.
So then again, my epsilon is arbitrary, so.
Okay, it's an epsilon u of k.
Sorry.
Okay, so.
So we have a well-defined set function on compact sets.
And on compact sets, I have point-wise conversions.
So now standard, we may have forgotten, but now there's three.
So that is...
We can extend the set functions to a set function on all open sets, and eventually on all void sets.
And then Cara Theodori tells you you can extend it to a unique measure on the ball's block.
Extend mu to a unique ability measure.
I think I put the argument in a footnote.
So what is mu?
We need to identify mu.
We need to show mu is T.
So, by tightness, it is enough to verify or to identify mu on continuous function.
So, let's go back to the function.
Everything outside of the function, so practically, I saw.
So, that's, also these details are in the notes, but I guess you're going to need to leave this immediately.
Okay.
And now we use this one here.
So, to identify T. The previous point set is enough to identify it on a set of continuous functions.
Now, we do the identification on that set.
So, to take any function is called the support.
We call the support K.
Then we know TN of G is G dm.
This is just the definition of TN.
And now, we want to use this.
We want to use this.
So, if this is an indicator function on a compact set, we know it.
Now, we approximate G by indicator functions.
So, for compact sets, we know everything converges to new.
So, in a nutshell, that's the idea.
So, the first converges we made for size.
This one, if you remember analysis 3, you remember it.
Restrictions to compact support should be clear from tightness.
And, I must admit, here I have to think a little bit.
That you can approximate functions on compact sets by indicator with compact sets.
Normally, if you come from meta-theory, it's always open sets.
So, that's the extended or the generalized reads.
Here.
And now, we use the generalized reads to finish the proof-off.
Any questions before I start erasing things?
Any questions before I start erasing things?
Any questions before I start erasing things?
Any questions?
Any questions?
Ok?
Any questions?
No!
Any questions what you have?
Any questions of your comments?
Ok?
Any questions?
Any questions?
Any questions?
Any questions?
And what we need, we need to construct these guys and need to show that they converge.
And if they converge to something which is nice, then hidden in there is the probability of TSI.
So, we have titles.
This is what we assume.
So, we find compact sets, Km, such that mu n, K, and complement the small.
And by small I now mean this, so that is what we can sum it up.
Forward.
Without lots of general relativity, we assume,
the sequence of compact sets is increasing.
So, now we restrict.
We restrict mu n, 2k.
These are no longer probability dimensions.
But that's not important.
Because all the arguments that we used previously didn't really need this.
So, as before, what we can do, we can extract a subsequence such that the subsequence, when restricted to compact sets, converges for all compact sets.
Exactly the same argument as before.
Exactly the same argument as before.
Exactly the same argument as before.
So, we find a diagonal argument.
We find a subsequence such that when we restrict two compact sets, this converges.
This converges in this metric.
Previously we used functions.
And so, we find a subsequence that works for all test functions.
So, now we find a subsequence that works for all test sets.
Same argument as before.
This converges.
So, it means this sequence here, for any n, we send k to infinity, converges.
So, we know there exists a, call it sub-probability measure.
So, we have runterges.
I can use an sequence.
Here, right?
and m.
k...
And so, the Garden's and the
goes to zero. So this is a measure concentrated on this set. If I change my
m to m plus one, I get a new measure concentrated on a larger set. The
assumption here, increasing this one here, means these measures are consistent. So if
I take the m plus one measure and restrict it to this set, I'm getting this.
So, by the start, the sequence mu m is consistent, meaning mu n.
So now we apply our generalized weights.
So what does generalized weights say? It says I need this operator t. So I have these
measures. These measures define, basically these measures define this operator. I need
to make sure that this sequence of operators converges point-wise to something. And we
use the same trick again. Previously, when we applied weights, we said we evaluate our
measures at test functions. And for each test function, we had a bounded sequence in r.
You know, r is complete. So we had a limit. And then we find our operator. And we do something
very, very similar here. So we define
L m of f. Like this. We need to show point-wise convergings.
L m of f. Like this. And then we are going to apply this proposition. So.
And then we are going to do something. And then we are going to apply this proposition.
And then we are going to do something. And then we are going to apply this proposition. So.
And then we are going to do something. And then we are going to apply this proposition.
And then we are going to apply this proposition. So. This is a homebar co-est part. And then we are going to apply this proposition.
So. This is looking.
machine. You need the consistency for this and the fact that we have a sequence that goes to zero here
and the fact that f is bounded by one. So we have a Cauchy sequence and these guys converge
in R. As before, this gives an operation. So this one converges in R for any test function
bounded Lipschitz continuous. This defines an operator.
L bounded Lipschitz continuous. If you have compact sets, continuous approximated by Lipschitz. We have tied sequences, so we can
basically again restrict ourselves in compact sets.
The generalized lead set.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
It's just like youension.
Theusu.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
The mu.
Yeah, normally you need to check that this is called rogers.
Genitalized lead says operators coming from a tight family of not necessarily probability
measures. I have point-wise convergence of these operators on this set of continuous functions.
Then I can represent the liquid operator as an integral.
In our proof, these operators come from restrictions of the tight sequence to increasing sequence of compact sets.
This is the usual trick to restrict everything to something that you know converges at R.
That defines an operator representing the operator.
These are the key steps.
Okay, so we know
Hold up
Hold up this crew.
We have two questions.
Question number one, when do we actually have a conclusion?
So we have points out of y-actions with no existence of converging subsequences, but what we would like to have is converging
So question number one, when do we have conversions?
Obviously, if all subsequences converge to the same limit.
Question two, the case that interests us
The case of probability measures
The case of probability measures on the set of continuous functions.
So Provo says, fine.
We can apply the result to this.
And we have a weakly convergent subsequence if it's tight.
So what does five measure mean?
I mean, yeah, we know something has to live on a compact set, but we'd like to understand a bit better what that means on the level of functions.
Considering probability measures, don't we want them to go from the real numbers to the interval 0,1, not the other way around?
Where are you?
You?
Yeah, question two.
That's all the functions going from the interval 0,1 to the real numbers.
Yeah.
And probability measures go from the real numbers to the interval 0,1.
No, probability measures on the set.
Okay.
Take a, remember, Don's probability 2.
He said, if we have brown in motion, then the rescale variable more converges to brown in motion.
So we were summing up IRD random variables and interpolated linearly.
So that gave us a piecewise linear continuous function.
And then we scaled the whole thing and we looked at the distribution of these functions.
That these are supposed to converge in law through brown in motion.
No, no.
We are interested in probability measures on this set.
What I want, I want the canonical model for brown in motion.
The canonical model for brown in motion is, take as your sample set a set of all continuous functions.
Because we know brown in motion is continuous.
When we construct it as a Gauss process, we construct it on a set of measurable functions.
Then we need to do an additional argument saying we have this continuous modification.
Now we want to construct the probability measure on this base so that the canonical process,
we just evaluate the function at time t, under this measured probability motion.
So this e that we were always talking about, this Polish space e, for us is this one.
And we take random functions.
This we scaled random ball kind of like this.
Up, down, up, up, up, down, down, up, up, something like this.
Something like this. And if you are magically scaling out, you look at this from far, far away.
And from far, far away, this looks like this. And I want this to be brought in motion.
This is supposed to have the same brought in motion.
Okay, so what does tightness or probability matters on the set of continuous functions actually mean?
And Q3, again for E.
As I said, when do we have unique accumulation points?
If we have a criterion for tightness, we know that the sequence of probability measures has a weak accumulation point.
But if we want it to converge, what does it mean to converge in this continuous?
So these are the three questions that we are answering today.
And any question about the theoretical set of right knowledge?
So far, you, for the most part, worked with probability measures on R, but not, or maybe on abstract sets, but,
sometimes it's the hardest to work on a particular set that requires an abstract setting.
See, in our case, in our case.
See, in our case.
Okay, so let's first address Q1, 2, very soon.
So, what does it mean to converge weekly?
It means every sub-sequence contains a weekly conversion sub-sequence that compares to the
same.
So, for this we don't want to converge, we're just a metric.
We have a sequence of probability measures on E. Then we have a reconvergence of P if and only if
every sub-sequence contains a sub-sequence, it compares to the second.
So, let us assume reconvergence is not the same.
Then the sub-sequence converts it to the same number.
Simple proof.
Okay.
If I reconvergence is clear, then everything converts to the same number.
So, let us assume reconvergence is not true.
Here we have a sub-sequence and a test function for which things go wrong.
So, then there is a sub-sequence for the test function, Cbp and an epsilon such that Fdpn minus Fdkp is
bigger than epsilon for K.
So, then clearly this sub-sequence cannot have a really composite sub-sequence.
Because there is at least one function for which we just go wrong.
And if we go from right to left, it says every sub-sequence points to this one has a really composite sub-sequence.
And this cannot be.
So, and Fdpn has no really composite sub-sequence.
Uniqueness of the combination points and every sub-sequence converges to the same function.
So, we have a tight-sequence.
So, we have a tight sequence.
So we know we have sub-sequences that converge, then any sub-sequences
converges to p, if that is true, the whole thing must.
One or two, we have tightness here.
The whole whole tells me I'm having a weakly converted sub-sequence
that contains a sub-sequence that converges to p.
And this lemma says if any sub-sequence contains a sub-sequence
that converges to p, then that's equal to 2.
So the proof is 4.
I have convergent sub-sequences, and the convergent sub-sequence
again contains a weakly converted sub-sequence, equivalent to the convergent.
So there's 4.
So there's 4.
That's 2.
60.
This is not, it's clear, but in practice this is not very useful.
Because it says, good, I have convergent sub-sequences,
if all converges to the same thing, then I have convergent.
But how can I tell they're all converging to the same thing?
And when we're having probability measures on the set of continuous functions,
then you can actually guess the very easy sub-sequence condition.
The proof is intuitive, that's a sufficient condition.
That's right.
Haha.
That's right.
Haha.
That's right.
Haha.
Probability measures.

a function set, meaning we are looking at distributions of stochastic processes.
When are two stochastic processes the same in distribution?
When they have the same finite distribution, this is how we construct stochastic processes.
So if we have distributions of stochastic processes and we know they are tight,
and we know, yeah, we have the correlation points, but stochastic processes, the distribution of
stochastic processes are uniquely determined by the finite dimensional distributions.
So all we have to do in the setting is to identify finite dimensional distributions.
And finite dimensional is just something relatively easy.
So the hard work has been done with Paul.
So reconvergence
to rate two
on the set of probability measures on the set
of continuous functions.
I'm giving you a family of distributions of stochastic processes with continuous sample paths,
and I want to understand what is the limiting distribution of these processes.
in other words, later we take this v-scale random box, we look at the distribution,
we argue they are tight, we identify the finite dimensional distributions of any potential limit,
the limit, we say, okay, the limit must be longer motion.
Okay, so we know
this is a polished space, but not normally compact.
So we assume we have
the sequence
let me just write c for c0 or another.
We have a family of distributions of domestic processes.
We know
for whatever reason
we have
v-convergence.
So that convergence of the whole distribution of the stochastic process.
Then we also have convergence of finite-dimensional distributions.
So we're just asking ourselves
what is the distribution of my stochastic process at finitely many points in time?
Let's write this like this.
pn fqt, finite-dimensional distributions.
Why is this the case?
Finite-dimensional distribution means evaluate
a function, a random function at finitely many points in time.
That's something we have read in our case.
Look at the distribution.
Okay?
So we take a projection mapping that just evaluates our process.
So we just take
any finite set of points
to the power of cardinality of j.
And any function x
is mapped to
the image of x
and these finite-dimensional distributions.
Side republic.
It is extremely important for
most of the things we do here
that we are working with continuous functions.
Because then we also have uniform.
If our functions have jumps
then some of the arguments
that we make,
we can still make them.
But we would need to understand
how we measure jumps.
Though we know how,
what we mean by the proximity of two
continuous functions.
But what does it mean for two functions
with jumps to be close to each other?
There are matrices for this as well.
We are interested in this.
Because we are interested in this,
this is a continuous measure.
We have the soup norm on c.
So that's continuous.
So we want to show this
conversions of finite-dimensional distributions.
So we take the test function
g.
We test 25 time points.
g takes 25
arguments.
To add
the power of it
continuous.
We integrate
g with respect to the distribution
of our stochastic flow set
is finite-dimensional
once in time.
That would be p
composition with the inverse
dy.
These are the finite-dimensional distributions.
The law of my process
at the times of j.
This is my test function.
Integration
with respect to this measure.
I move this one into my g.
g of pi j y
p
n d y.
My projection mapping is continuous.
My g function is continuous.
So this is
bounded
continuous function.
I assume I have v-convergence.
v-convergence applied to this bounded continuous function
means
this converges
to integrative g
composition with p j
d p of j.
and now
I go basically here from left to right.
I write this as
g y
d
d
d
d
phi n plus
phi n phi dot j.
So this means
the finite-dimensional distributions
in distance
do indeed
converge more.
So v-conversion is much more
than
finite-dimensional distributions.
But it turns out
that if we have tightness
and
we have convergence of finite-dimensional
dimension distributions
then we have three conversions.
Only conversions of finite-dimensional distributions.
This
tells us nothing
about this.
I'm giving you a counterexample later.
But combined with tightness
convergence of finite-dimensional distribution
gives you the
weakness of our combination points.
We can't disassemble.
There's a counterexample here.
We can't do it.
We can't do it.
I'm giving you a counterexample here.
We can't do it.
We can't do it.
We can't do it.
So
I'm giving you alot a little bit.
All right?
I'm giving you a counterexample here.
I'm giving you a counterexample here.
You will have an authentical
including those four chosen ones.
And you will have an obvious
that we have an curexample here.
Welcome.
I'm getting this yo-poiled
so momentarily
So, we have probability measures P and P.
Now, if I have conversions in the sense of finite dimensional distributions, and the end is absolutely key, we cannot do without, and P and P is not.
Then, we have B converges. So, B converges always gives finite dimensional distributions converge.
But we need the tightness to basically upgrade the finite dimensional distribution convergence to B converges.
So, again, what is the nature of it? I have tightness, so I have weakly convergent subsequences. So, my subsequence converges to some measure.
Probability measures on this space are then uniquely determined by marginal distributions, by the finite dimensional distributions.
But the finite dimensional distributions are the same for all weak accumulation points. So, any weak accumulation point must be equal.
So, when I follow up, we have weakly convergent subsequences.
We show all sub-sequences converged to this end.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
It converges to some Q.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, I converge it to some Q.
What we have to show, Q is P.
We know of a dimensional distributions.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, here's my B-P convergent subsequence.
So, we know, by assumption, we add a circle, just for the way of this.
Moreover, along the subsequence, the same thing converges to Q.
So, obviously, these are the same.
So, P and Q have the same finite dimensions.
So, then we'll see.
So, then we'll see.
So, they must be the same.
So, tightness, existence of convergent subsequences, convergence of the finite dimensional distributions,
all accumulation points on the same.
So, convergence in finite dimensional distributions is not enough.
The finite dimensional distributions uniquely determine the P. If I only have finite dimensional distributions, I don't know.
And here's a very simple example.
That shows that.
We take some continuous function, which is essentially non-zero, only in the vicinity of the origin.
And now, whenever our finite dimensional distribution test board happens outside this origin.
This is this neighborhood of the origin.
Nothing happens.
So, what I mean is this.
So, what I mean is this.
Take this function.
Zn.
Zn.
Zn of t.
Zn.
It comes in a constant distribution distribution distribution.
This is the one.
So, what I mean is this.
That's what happens outside this origin.
This is neighborhood of the origin.
Nothing happens.
So, what I mean is this.
Take this function.
Zn.
Zn of t.
Zn. Zn of t. It goes up from 0 to 1 on the interval 0, 1 over t. And 1 over n. Then
goes down. So outside, for all arguments greater than 2 over n, my function is 0. So this is
a function on the unit circle. Zn infinity is equal to 1. All my functions get from the
unit circle. But 0.5 to go to 0. Here you can only see what that is called.
On the unit circle, but 0.5 to 0. So there is something not matching up in the limit, obviously.
My probability measures are probability measures on a set of continuous functions. So I take
Dirac measure on Zn. Pn. Pn chooses a random function. But in this case, it picks the function Zn
with probability 1. And P picks the limit function with probability 1. The 0 function.
So now we test finite dimensional distributions. I take any family, any finite family of time
points. But no matter which family I take, if I choose n large enough, these time points are
always outside this interval. And then there's nothing to test. Outside that interval, this function
is 0 and the 0 function is 0 as well. So I claim the finite dimensional distributions
of the 0 function. And the t1 on my n is so large that the t1 is bigger than 2 by. So in other words,
we'll be the z n of T5 is 0. So for all my test points, my test times, the z n agrees with the limit punch.
So if I'm projecting, I have to project on a finite number of time points.
And then, this is zero.
So the law of the pre-limit and the limit is clear to the same.
Both terms, everything is clear.
But we do not have B-concliberts.
Why do we not have B-concliberts?
What have we not used yet?
We have, this we have used for the finite image distribution.
This we have, this property.
We are having functions on the unit circle.
So, let's call this unit circle B.
So, this is clearly a closed cell.
Portmonteau theorem tells us something how measures of closed sets behave if the underlying sequence converges weak.
So, by Portmonteau, if I have weak convergence, then I cannot expect the probabilities of open or closed sets to converge.
But I have inequalities.
Namely, I have limit superior PN of a closed set is greater or equal than the limit of the closed set.
For open set, it turns around.
For open set, there's limit inferior less or equal.
For closed set, there's limit superior greater or equal.
So, what is PN of B?
PN puts probability 1 on the ZN function.
ZN lies on the unit circle.
So, this is equal to B.
But this one, the 0, it puts probability 1 on the 0 function.
So, if I had B convergent, I would have...
Sorry, the other way around.
This is probably 0 by 1, but that construction is 0.
So, no weak convergence.
So, we have an answer to one of our questions.
In this setting, where we are working with continuous functions, when do we have to go?
We need time is that we need to check the fundamental dimension distributions.
So, the big question now is, to be addressed on Thursday, what does tightness?
What is the relatively transparent criterion that allows us to enter when the sequence of probability
measures of the set is tight?
So, this is something for you to look forward to.
So, questions?
If not, thanks for coming.
See you all next.
Hello, Professor Ross.
Hello.
I have a small question regarding the proof today.
This definition here.
Should it be supreme or infamal?
It says soup.
If you take soup, then every k, it is, you can take the function that is a constant one, then every mu has a, well, this, every mu, every k has a measure one.
This definition then doesn't make sense.
That makes sense.
So, you're saying it's always one.
Yeah.
No, no, no, we don't know that t of f is, do we know t of f is one?
Do we know t of f is one?
We're assuming.
Also, it doesn't say anything about this being normalized, but I guess I want this normalized,
I guess I want the probability measure.
Could be that this should be, and then this, this I changed in the lecture.
Yeah.
This one.
And then I think this one is okay again.
Yeah.
Well, if you take this definition, that should be infamal.
Yeah.
Then it should be infamal.
Yeah.
But I, when I prepared this, I took the soup and then, then I stumbled here and changed
that inequality.
I think you're right about the infamal.
Can I get back to this on Thursday?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
