We want to construct a bracket, or compensator, and what was this?
So this was a process that starts with zero.
The process is going to be freezing.
This process compensates for the submartling property of the square.
So m squared t minus bracket is a continuous local martling head if that is.
We identified this bracket process as something like quadratic variation, like foreground emotion,
but we proved that this quadratic variation converges in a weaker sense to this process.
So we assume throughout, so m is continuous square integral.
So this we mean the expected value of m t squared is finite for our t.
We do not assume h reboundedness, we do not assume uniform integrability,
we just assume that the second moment exists.
So that's our standing assumption.
So suppose we have the bracket, so you'd be constructing the a-lock,
but let's assume for now we know it.
Then we can construct the so-called covariation process.
So we take two continuous square integral local martling heads called m and m.
When we talk about functions of the quadratic variation, we introduce this covariation.
We sum up the product of increments and hope it converges.
And then there was something like polarization identity,
but in this case we just defined it, the covariation is one quarter m plus n bracket minus n minus m.
So two local marting heads, square integral continuous,
square integral continuous, etc.
translates or carries over to sum and differences, so this exists.
So this definition makes sense.
So then this covariation process tells us something about martingale properties of the product of martingale.
It's usually we take the product of martingale and we put martingale in it.
And this is the bracket process, this one manages.
So what is relatively easy to see if we take the product m times n
and we subtract the covariation, then it is equal to m plus n squared.
So that makes sense and we have a square integral minus the covariation of the sum.
So this is 1.4 minus the square of n minus n minus the bracket of n minus n over 4.
So continuous local martingale squared minus its bracket, that's a continuous local martingale, same here.
So this is a continuous local martingale, this is a continuous local martingale.
So this is a continuous local martingale.
Now in the analysis we know the notion of a scalar product and we have a notion of orthogonality.
A orthogonality of two vectors means a scalar product is zero.
In probability we have different notions of orthogonality, orthogonality and strong orthogonality.
So we call our continuous local martingale m and n, if there is enough product,
in other words the covariation is zero.
Then product minus covariation is a continuous local martingale.
For covariation benefit the product is a continuous local martingale.
And we have conditionally independent and conditionally uncorrelated increments.
So I say up to stopping, I don't want to write for the stopping times.
Stop everywhere, let's just drop this.
So the conditional expectation of the increment is what?
There is mt, nt, there is ms, ns and then we have the cross terms.
But we have martingality properties, so the cross terms become ns, ns.
So by martingality we have the nt square minus nt, nt minus ns, ns in fs.
So since we have orthogonality this is equal to the martingale property.
This is always true, that's the martingale property.
But if this is all foregold, this is it.
Why is it not plus ms, ns since we are multiplying minus ms times minus ns?
So mt, nt is here, ms, nt, a condition that's ms, ns with a minus.
There is another ms, ns from here with a plus and there is ms, ns here with another minus.
So one comes with a plus, this one here, that one comes with a plus and the other one comes with a minus.
I feel like for the martingale property we normally assume that s is smaller than t.
So if we actually use this we are just assuming that.
This is an advanced course with this, there is a little bit of slopey this if it isn't out.
So in other words if my continuous local martingates are orthogonal in the sense then the product is a local martingate and we have conditionally uncorrelated increments.
Now orthogonality is sufficient for the product to be a martingate.
On the other hand if you already know the product is a local martingate
then we close the product and product minus bracket is a local martingate, continuous local martingate.
So we subtract the two, the bracket process must be a continuous local martingate.
But what's the point with my bracket process?
So we said the bracket is non-decreasing.
So this one is the difference of two non-decreasing processes.
So that's a bounded variation.
This one is of bounded variation.
The definition difference of two non-decreasing processes.
So if the product is a local martingate then the bracket is a local martingate of bounded variation.
And bounded variation martingates are not very interesting because they are trivial.
That's what the next result is.
So if we have a martingale we need a certain degree of fluctuations as our martingale is constant.
That's what the next lemma says.
So this lemma says that NB or continuous local martingale is creating a universal bracket of bounded variation.
Continuous local martingale is where integrated.
And now with respect to a filtration that satisfies the universal conditions.
We don't need the usual conditions to construct the bracket process,
but we need the usual conditions to have a quantity of optional times and stopping times.
This is where the usual condition matters.
So filtration satisfies the usual conditions.
So let's move it.
Let's assume our martingale starts in several.
So if M is a local martingate, then N does move anywhere.
So if we go back to this one here, it says if my product is a local martingale,
the bracket and the co-variation process is a local martingale of bounded variation,
hence, let me count this, it starts in zero, hence it finishes.
So this one is zero.
So local martingale property, the product, is equivalent to all the monarity in this sense.
So that's the takeover.
So in particular, the product of two square integrals of the martingate
is if and only if the cross-variation term finishes.
So we prove this lemma in three steps.
We first assume we have actually, okay, what exactly do we need by bounded variation?
From the variation we mean the variation process is almost truly finite.
So what we mean by this is the variation process.
Maybe it would be better to call it a finite variation or a bounded variation.
Because in the first step, we assume that we actually have a bounded variable.
And then we show that we can use everything else to get a situation.
And that's the good thing about local martingates.
We can essentially always make them well behaved.
We just stop the martingate or the local martingate whenever something becomes too big.
Either the process itself or, for instance, its variation process.
So we have continuity of n.
So it is enough to prove this.
We have to prove this for rational times and for just a fixed time.
So in the first step, we assume in addition that the variation process of my martingate path
is actually bounded by some c for all our muscle order.
That's the key step already.
We take a partition.
What we would like to show is that the expected value of empty square zero.
This one we would like to deduce from the variation.
Why is there hope?
Empty square we can write as the sum of square increments.
Sum of square increments we can decompose as sum of absolute increments times maximum difference.
Our martingate is continuous, maximum difference goes to zero.
So what we would like to show is this one is zero.
Now our martingate starts at zero.
So we can write this as the sum of square increments or the first step sum of increments squared.
By the martingate property, the expected value of sum of increments squared is sum of square increments.
So this is martingate property.
And in principle again, we always have to localize.
We have probably this localization.
So martingate property tells us this is equal to the sum expected value of square increments.
So this is less or equal the maximum increment, the expected value of the maximum increment times the variation.
So this is less or equal to c times the expected value sum i times if.
By continuity we have a compact time interval.
So by continuity, this goes to zero.
So inside the expectation, things vanish.
So we must make sure that we have something that will be able to accomplish.
Where do we get dominated convergence from?
Dominated convergence we get from dup.
So dup's maximum inequality applies to continuous martingates and continuous sub-martingates.
So we apply this to empty square.
But here continuity is important.
So we want and then add something about here, add from what?
Then we have uniform integrability, then we are done.
Expected value.
And now we just take any increment here for any t.
So 2 over all partitions are indexed by n.
All times t i from our partition, t by n, t by n, less or equal to t.
So basically the absolute maximum we can have inside the expectation over there.
Delta n.
So here we are evaluating martingates at finitely many points at times or points prior to time t.
And we have an increment.
So this is less or equal to 2 times expected value through u as t and u square.
It is 3 times 4 times mixed terms but there is some constant.
Now dup's maximum inequality tells us this expected value is another constant times the second moment at the terminal.
So dup's term tells us this is less or equal to another constant times m t square.
And this is finite.
Square integrability, local martingates.
So we have a uniform and a true boundary.
So therefore we can apply homogenous.
And see if this one matches.
So that's the case where the variation is uniform.
I need to assume for this inequality.
So now we assume just this.
So what do we do?
We stop things.
So we stop to close this.
When the variation closes, it comes.
And what is this t is less or equal to?
That means the variation at time t is less or equal to that.
The variation closes just sums up, along some position, increments up to time t.
So this is in f t.
And so this is tau n less than t complement.
So this says tau n is an option of time.
So now we assume we have fewer positions.
So option of sampling tells me, stop martingates or martingates.
So when I stop, my m, of course, will come to an end.
And precisely in this equation I wasn't before.
So the variation process is bound.
So.
So by step one, an option of sampling and tau is martingate or local martingate.
And one just so.
And tau n is t is zero.
So now we take a limit.
We take the limit, tau n going to infinity.
We gather and reiterate.
It doesn't have to be a limit in this strict set.
Tau 47 can already be plus infinity.
So it's not excluded.
And we don't have expected values on anything here.
So here we now just use always stronger values.
We don't have to do this.
So.
Now, question.
So we assumed square interoperability.
Do we need square interoperability?
Do we really need it?
And the answer is no.
Otherwise I couldn't ask.
But why not?
I just have a question.
Where did the square go there?
In this opinion.
Why did the square go there?
Why did the square go there?
No.
How did we go from the last important thing?
So let's assume we don't really.
Let's say this is not true.
How do you correct it?
Correct it in the most tricky way.
And then it's here.
Then we want to use that set in the next set, which is where?
How do we get the square interoperability?
We just stop again.
So.
We just add step three.
We stop again.
We just set sigma n to be the first time t where?
Let's say the second moment is too large or simply this.
Let's take this one.
Just a pass by spot.
Again, that's the stopping time.
So now if we stop according to sigma n, we can go to step two.
We stop when either the variation process becomes too big or the process itself becomes too big.
That's again a localizing sequence.
We use this argument again, but it's a different stopping time.
So stop either when the process becomes large or when its variation becomes large.
And that's a recurrent theme.
We use this argument repeatedly to make a local martingale to have nice properties.
So we stop if n or the variation process becomes too much.
Step one and n are used square interoperability, but we can undo this body another way.
So this was a little 45-minute detour about all the modality.
So the product of two continuous local martingales, square interoperability square interoperability,
is a local martingale if and only if it's open.
Could you explain why are the squares bounded by not square?
Well the argument we used before, here we have square increments.
So we have increment times increment.
We have the maximum increment times the sum of the other increments.
The sum of the other increments are bounded by c.
So we have something like this.
So we write this like this.
And we take this one out of the soup.
And then there's only some of this left.
But that's the variation.
So that is determinatively bound by assumption.
And why are we then dominating the square soup or the square of the soup in the next step?
Where's the next step?
This one?
Yeah, because there we now have square increments.
So are you here?
We have that one.
This square is something squared plus something squared plus cross terms.
The cross terms are also bounded by sum of squares.
So this is basically m evaluated somewhere along any of our partitions squared.
So this is the continuous part.
So we square just something.
Here we square it and for every point we have our partitions.
So this explains, so this c is probably 4.
This explains this one.
And from here it's 2.
Yeah, no, but we show this to apply dominated convergence for the supremum that is not squared.
So now, so if you buy this one, then this one is a2 bound.
Okay.
That's precisely what they have.
Okay, sorry.
And that's fine.
Sorry, yeah.
Any further questions?
Okay, then let's start moving our main theory.
Our main theory, existence of the book.
And again, the nice thing about this open mining game is we always, we can always stop.
So we can always in some sense assume it's a lot of generality things are bounded.
So the key step of this, the proof of this theory is this
bounded continuous local square in the room.
So our assumption is for now my local body gets bounded by k.
So what's the idea?
The punchline is this.
We take partitions of zero t.
And now what we have in mind is the bracket process is the quadratic variation process.
So let's see how far we get if we just use it.
So we define the quadratic variation process.
I, sorry, for t.
Careful of my indices here.
Square now t may or may not be part of the partition.
m t minus m t n.
And I call this k n of t.
Where this k n of t is the last index less or equal to t.
k n of t is the last index less or equal to t.
So we have a quadratic variation process.
So let's take m t square and subtract the quadratic variation process.
So what we want to show, which is not very difficult to see, it's magic.
What we want to show is the sequence of stochastic processes.
This is Cauchy sequence.
This is Cauchy in, where, and to, in the stochastic process.
m is continuous, and my a is continuous as well.
t appears here, so that's continuous, and the t appears here.
So as long as this index doesn't change, this is continuous.
And when does this index change?
This index changes exactly when this term is equal to zero.
When the t becomes part of the partition.
So that's the sequence of random continuous functions for all t.
Well, if this is Cauchy, it converges.
Hence, n m converges in this space to something.
We have random variables taking variables in a set of continuous functions.
So that's continuous.
And now we have two options.
We either work hard to show it's a martingale,
or we wait a little bit to develop more theory and get it later for free.
So later, we also prove this is a martingale.
Then, we take a little bit.
We know this a n process, the quadratic variation process,
must converge in this space to what?
The difference of m t square and n.
Then we set m t, the bracket, to be m square minus m t.
And then we also know that the quadratic variation process, a n,
converges in that tube, this n tube, to the brackets.
That's the punchline of all the keys.
Once we are here, this is clear.
And the theory says we have a continuous local martingale,
and this quadratic variation process converges to the bracket process.
It was UCP, uniformly on compact time intervals and probability.
Here we have more.
We have convergence in A2 in the spirit of step one,
the quadratic variation of probability of motion.
But that's because our martingale is bounded.
So for bounded martingales,
we get our two conversions of the quadratic variation process to the bracket.
Once we have to localize, we have to mix quadratic by two conversions
with the almost two conversions of the stopping times.
And we put those two things together, we only get conversions of the two.
So, we need some up-priority estimates.
So this is, again, the punchline.
And we need some up-priority estimates.
So we need some up-priority estimates.
So if we want to prove the properties of the quadratic variation process,
then we eventually want to converge it at two.
So we better make sure that we have some kind of layout.
We start with this one.
Let M be a long arc.
Same here.
Let it start.
For any partition,
the second moment of the quadratic variation after 10 G is bounded by K.
So we expected the value of the quadratic variation of M along my partition.
Now I take the second moment of this.
It's another square.
This is bounded by six times, and always this counting is constant.
But the six is not important, K to the power of four is important.
Where's the power of four coming from?
With, again, having product of square increments.
This is where the power of four comes from.
So let's write this out.
The second moment of this is where the sums of the squares be square,
or this, bigger fourth moments.
Plus two times E sum over the K's.
And then to M, the KM square.
So it's important to write it in this way,
because here we start counting at K plus four.
So this allows us to condition.
So if we condition in here on FK, then we can take that one out.
So let's start with this one.
Four.
We do the same trick again.
We write it as square times square.
The one square term, because both of the M's
participate in the square bounded by K.
This, delta i M squared times delta i M squared.
Delta i M squared is less or equal four times K squared.
Each M is less or equal K, but we need to square it as well.
So, and then this one.
But that's just the tip of the scope sum.
Everything that stays is the first term and the last term.
The first term is M somewhere.
First term is M zero and zero is zero.
So this is the tip of the scope sum.
So this is equal to MT squared minus M zero and zero is zero.
Fourth K squared, another K squared from here.
So in here we want to condition F, T, K.
But here we start at K plus one.
So we have marti gravity.
So once we condition, we have to draw one like this.
That's all we can take up.
So this term is of that form.
So, same argument essentially is here.
The only difference is what stays here is not M zero,
but something like M, J, K.
But that two squared is bounded by K.
So that is, that's really good.
Good.
We put that in here.
So two times the expected value of the stubble sum.
So that's all we can do.
That's all we can do.
And the same trick here.
Telescope sum, sum of the squares, et cetera, et cetera.
And then there's probably a two from here,
a two from here and maybe another two from there.
Six K to the power of four.
Not so sure.
Maybe it's a ten.
I was wondering in the first point,
in the equations on the red side,
if the sum goes from i equals one to M instead of K.
That's true.
I mean, it doesn't really change anything.
And here I didn't write it anyway.
Yeah.
Well, it's only M minus.
Is it M minus M minus?
Yeah.
So you're not not sure about the constant
in front of the K to the power of four.
Okay.
Could we need one more a priori estimate?
And this is something about,
not to create increments, but the fourth moment of increments.
So M value continues.
Nothing here.
So I'll give you a single sum of the four things here.
It's all right.
We have one.
So then you can make the value of this constant.
You can see it like this.
So fourth moment is something like second moment squared.
So for the second moment,
we just prove everything's bound.
So fourth moment, we now get the pathwise
square increment times the sum of the second
of the other square increments.
So we consider the pathwise increments.
This is the maximum increment
and T minus X.
With X minus R.
And that's where you put the mesh size.
And this continues.
So this goes like this.
And I can take, if I want,
80 power beneath the seven power eight.
This still goes to zero.
So this is what we have now.
The fourth moment or the sum of the fourth moments
are so equal and square times this one.
So we know by the previous demo,
this is bounded in error.
That's what the previous demo showed.
The expected value of that one was of the order
k to the power of four.
This goes to zero.
So now we can apply that one.
The second moment is square increments.
Because if I apply, I heard of it.
I need to submit it to it.
So now we have k to the power of four.
So now we use this.
So let's construct it.
The outline is here.
Now remember one thing from the general discussion
of quadratic variation functions.
And we defined bounded variation.
We said the supremum or all partitions.
Let's say this was something.
And we talked about quadratic variation.
We said that only has to exist
along a sequence of partitions.
People are free to choose this.
For Brownian motion, they were practically no restrictions.
But in general, there are no restrictions.
So what we assume is that we have a sequence
of ever-finer partitions.
So we assume this.
So when we make the partition finite,
we really make it finite.
We're adding more points to the partition.
And this means this is important for this one.
Because Cauchy means we need to look at something like this.
And we want those two n-processes to be defined
with respect to a common partition.
And this is what we need to do.
So this is needed today for the Cauchy argument.
OK.
So n and m are already on the board.
a and is the quadratic variation process.
n is n squared minus 2.
a and n and b is above.
So what is n?
We're used to following the qualities of the formative answer.
nt minus n squared.
OK.
So we do the math.
This is 2 and this is nt minus.
And this one is important.
Let's do this one.
So this one is the answer.
This one will be the whole of nt squared.
This one, once we solve, we sum square increments.
Summing square increments is precisely what this a is doing.
So that one plays the role of a and.
So these things here, once we sum them, play the role of n.
So my n is the sum of such terms.
And this is not difficult to see to be a martingale.
So we have, if we use these inequalities here,
we can represent n as forms.
2 times 1 to nt nt minus 1.
Plus the last one.
And this looks a bit like a discrete integral.
Increment of a function times something.
So you can just verify yourself nn is continuous.
This we already had.
But because it has this particular structure, it's also a martingale.
And then there's a mistake in your lecture notes.
It says there's something like a product on martingale increments.
That's not true.
It's because of the structure.
Because of this discrete-structural integral structure.
So in homework, this has a continuous martingale.
Now we use the fact that we take ever finer partitions.
So nn minus n is a continuous martingale.
So what we wanted to show, we wanted to show this Cauchy property in this case.
Continuous.
C is equipped with the subnome.
We have a continuous martingale.
We have two maximum inequalities.
So we can estimate the sub of the second moment.
We have to have the sub because the subnome we have to see.
So I do.
This is the constant.
So this is good.
Because now we have a point-prism property.
So what we want to show for Cauchy property is that we have this point-prism property.
And we have this.
This is Cauchy.
So we use this property so far.
Only to argue that this makes sense.
Things are defined in a normal common sequence of partition.
So now we use this in more detail.
And we use this in more detail as follows.
So in between two points of the broader partition,
we have a couple of extra sample points for the final partition.
So we have a situation like this.
dm somewhere in J and I.
What I'm saying in between two sample points of the coarser profusion,
there are additional sample points of the final partition.
So now we get rid of this k thing.
And the other end is the partition for the increment dm.
So we go back here.
So if I have n, I have m here, m here, m here.
If I have n, I can put an n here.
And this increment I can write as an increment along the final partition.
The advantage is once we take this difference here,
the increments are the same for both nm and nm.
So the coarser of attention, n and t,
two times sum over all i, m, t, and i minus 1.
And now the increment, we use the n increments.
This is n for nm.
I can also write it as numbers.
But now I can do n.
So the second double sum says,
look at each block in between two increments of the i partition separately.
This.
So what is important is that here and here,
we're going to go back into this.
This is because of this one.
This is the leftmost point.
The delta takes two of those.
And the one in between takes two of those.
So if I have not over that in intervals, we can again condition.
We have margin and property.
Varying and property.
The expected value of square difference,
cross terms vanish.
This is the one that came out of the book.
This is the one that we need to show vanish.
One moment, but I need a roll of space.
I hope it's a four, which we have.
Again, the cross terms vanish.
So we have this double sum.
For those, we again take the supremum.
Now this double sum just sums all the increments in J.
This is just square root.
These increments become small.
Everything is bounded.
And that's sum of squares, squares.
That's a statement about the force moment.
The sum of force moments increments.
So this one is bounded.
So therefore there exists this.
So n is continuous by construction.
But is it also margin here?
Is the margin here property preserved?
The answer is yes, but we'll do this later.
Let's play a very short argument and see that this is,
this margin here property is too much right in general.
So, not the prettiest proof in the world.
The key assumption is this can be deduced.
Define the quadratic variation process.
Substract n square minus the quadratic variation process.
That's a margin here and a short comment just ahead.
We've finished the proof on Monday.
Most of the work is done.
And now ten minute break and a few days in mind for the exercises.
Okay, thanks and see you in ten minutes for the exercises.
