If everything is compact, because basically my test functions, a function is compact as well.
So, locally compact. Our key space here is this one, it's not locally compact.
So we have to work a little bit. We prove it first in some sense for compact sets
and then use the tightness to extend beyond compactness.
If we were just focusing on locally compact metric spaces, that would be easy.
But the space of continuous function is not covered. This is why we need to work a little bit more.
So, we start with the following.
And I'm sure I proved that for the case E equals to R in my probability course.
Probability measures.
Measured. Single. A measure.
All this A's is tight.
So, P of E is the set of probability that you need, then U is tight.
So, up to epsilon is the point of U.
And to prove this, you already need everything.
So, E is folded, E is separate.
So, we have a dense subset.
A counterpart dense subset.
We can take little epsilon boards around each of these points, sum them up.
That converges to the whole space.
So, we sum up sufficiently many.
We have something compact.
That gives us what we have.
But the compactness, again, needs the equivalent characterization of compactness in complete metric spaces.
This is where the other property of Polish comes in.
So, this is separate.
So, let's say this is my dense subset.
All right.
So, we put little balls around this and sum them up.
U M is the union of one over N.
For N is balls wrong by the enzymes.
So, that increases to E.
My probability measure, mu, is continuous from below.
So, mu of U M might increase to 4.
So, we take a sufficiently large M, take the closure of U, U M.
So, K is the closure of U M.
So, then K is what?
K is closed.
And K is totally bounded.
And K is closed.
I have a complete space.
Total boundedness and closeness is equivalent to compactness.
Here we use A.
This is closed.
Right.
And by this one here, mu of A for a large enough.
is larger.
Okay.
So, yes.
But even this trivial result already needs Polish.
So, the next result, I'm just giving you, the details of those that will never prove
this, but the set of continuous functions on compact sets admits a dense subset. So, the set
of continuous functions on the compact set is dense, in the set of continuous functions
of compact sets. I was wondering when I prepared this, where would one do this? In probability?
No. Maybe in analysis three? I don't know. For sure, in functional analysis, approximation of
so-called spaces and the like. But, I mean, anyway. The thing is, if you have an isomological
structure, you can always, you can approximate everything by open or compact sets. This is
what you probably use for this. Okay, so this is one thing that we need, and I said that
if k is a compact interval, that's one. Approximate everything by polynomials. For general compact sets,
it's a bit more complicated, but the combined proof, I think, is at most one-page.
So, I don't know. Has this ever been proven anywhere? No. Okay. Yeah. Check the nodes. Again, if k is a compact interval,
for the inputs. So, the first thing that we are now checking is that if we want reconvergence, the set of test functions is the set of continuous functions.
It's enough to restrict to Lipschitz continuous functions.
And because we can use Lipschitz continuous functions later, we want to prove the generalization of this. We want to prove this base
of probability matrix of probability matrix of
and we define a matrix that only uses continuous functions. Because they are
conversion-determining. We don't have to look at the full set of continuous functions. So, we have a
corner space. We have a sequence of probability measures. So, if let me write or use this
further dislocation for integers. This converges for all Lipschitz continuous functions, bound and Lipschitz continuous functions.
Then, we already have weak conversions. And why is that useful? Because when it is continuous functions, we have
Acela Ascoli. Acela Ascoli gives us a criteria for compactness in function spaces. We need
ap continuity. We can respect to Lipschitz continuous functions, we have ap continuity.
Now, we have this probability measure here. The previous result says it's tight. So, mu is tight.
We are not assuming tightness of the sequence. We are not allowed to use this. We basically have to deduce it from the conversions.
But, we know any finite number of probability measures is tight. That's what we have just shown. So, this one for sure is tight.
Okay. So, mu is tight. We have our compact set cable. So, for reconversion, what we really have to use as test functions are bounded continuous functions. Not just
So, we have to say the bound is tight. So, now we restrict our function F to a compact set.
So, we take a truncation function. So, we take a truncation function. A smooth truncation function. And the standard of smooth truncation function is this one.
Maximum of zero and one minus the distance of a point to my set K.
So, this is distance of X to the compact set K on which up to the exit of my u-lips. So, this function, this is which is not very difficult to show.
So, with constant one. So, later, we also use something similar. We put another constant M game front. Then, this becomes M.
So, now we multiply our test function F by this truncation function. Then, this function has compact support.
Compact support. Compact support. Okay.
Because phi. It's also continuous. Continuous, continuous. Continuous function with compact support.
Continuous function with compact support can be uniformly approximated by Lipschitz continuous functions.
So, forward and discontinuous. So, up to some additional triangular inequality argument, we can without loss of generality assume G is Lipschitz continuous.
So, in the following, we're integrating G. So, approximated and then, there's some additional lexical terms.
And what else we have. Integral F minus G is less or equal. They disagree outside the set K.
But they're both bounded. But they're both bounded. F is bounded by M. So, G is bounded by M as well. And outside.
So, K. They may be different. So, when we integrate, sooner or later, what comes up is this one. So, when we integrate, we have this one.
Okay? We know this. By the tightness. This is small. But when we integrate, here, we also have those.
So, if we knew, if we knew a priori, our sequence of probability measures were tight, then we could also put less than that. But we don't know this. Yet.
So, let's write that out. What do we have?
What do we have? So, up there, we know for Lipschitz continuous function, we have the converges. And we would compare Lipschitz continuous with the general F.
Okay. I want to use this notation. I want to use this notation. Mu of F minus mu of G.
Less or equal 2N mu of K. Okay, fine. So, this is a project. And then we have mu N of F minus mu N of G.
of g is equal to mu n k. So we need to bound this. We need to show this becomes uniformly
small. We need to bound mu n of k. We are not allowed to use pi in this. So how do we do this?
And we know something is true for elliptical continuous functions. Now, of course, that's
an indicator function there. But as indicator function, we can again approximate elliptical
continuous functions. And we do this like this. So psi n x is
the minimum of 1 and m d x k. So this is again...
So this is again Lipschitz. So integral of this function d mu n converges and it's bounded by
one and converges from below to the indicator function. So I have Lipschitz continuity mu n of
psi n. For n to infinity, this goes to mu of psi n. And this converges from below to this
one. So for n large enough, this is less or equal mu of k complement plus epsilon. And what I'm
having now is essentially some kind of uniformity in n. So this one here has nothing to do with n. So for n large enough, I always have
this bound here. So for n large enough, I always have this bound here. So...
making first n large enough, I'm making first n large enough, I always have this bound here. So...
making first n large enough, I'm making first n large enough, I'm making first n large enough.
n large enough, and then n large enough, and then n large enough. And then n large enough.
n large enough. What we see is the degree superior mu n plus
n large enough. And then n large enough. What we see is the degree superior mu n plus
K complement, mu n plus o equal to Epsilon.
So, M is large enough, this one is close to this one, bounded by this, and so the limit
is superior of this one, has the same one. So, going back to this inequality, here, we see
that this is smaller as well. This one we already had. So, if hidden,
hidden in this convergence, is the titans. But we need to go through the approximation
argument, arguing that a set of Lipschitz functions is rich in our approximations.
So, to check reconvergence, Lipschitz continuity is enough. And this allows us to extend this
one to Polish basis. And we are using Lipschitz continuous functions as our set of test functions.
So, what we want to show now, the set of all probability manuals of E is neutral. We notice already, if we're
going to work with the real numbers.
That can reside there, tells us, if I want to check reconvergence, Lipschitz is enough.
So, we introduce the set of all bounded Lipschitz continuous functions with this constant one.
So, that's the set of L, E to R, bounded by one, and the Lipschitz constant, all itself, bounded.
So, then, the next theory says,
again, D is Polish,
again, D is Polish,
a sequence of probability measures converges weakly. If and only F,
it converges in a certain metric, DBL. And what is DBL?
So, if we know to check reconvergence, check integrals of Lipschitz functions.
So, in a sense, we are inclined to say, if for any Lipschitz continuous function we have convergence of the integrals.
That's not quite enough. We need this conversion to be uniform.
So, this DL metric is the supremum over all bounded Lipschitz continuous functions with constant one of 27,
So, this DL metric requires the weak topology on the set of probabilities.
And what's good about this space here, uniformly bounded, uniformly in the contiguous.
So, that's a compact set.
And that's what we need to do.
Okay.
Okay.
So, one implication we already have.
We know that this one implies this one.
That was the previous proposition.
So, we know already
that Lipschitz continuous functions are convergent deeper.
Okay.
Okay.
So, take the contiguous.
So, let us assume we have reconvergence.
Now, one indication, we want to prove, yeah, so keep that in mind.
Sequentially, sequential compactness is equivalent to tightness.
And what we've seen and what it's always true is reconvergence implies tightness.
That is the easy implication of pro off.
So, by the easy implication of pro off, we know this is tight.
So, this sequence is tight.
Okay.
Okay.
So, mu and k.
I'm going to tell you to move on this epsilon.
mu k.
I'm going to tell you to move on this epsilon.
Why is this important?
Because it essentially allows us to restrict all the functions that we are working with,
the test functions, to functions with compact support.
We are not really, we are bounded test functions.
So, we are not really interested for conversion, what happens outside k.
So, if we can restrict to function with compact support, we can restrict to Lipschitz continuous functions.
And that's what it does.
It only looks at Lipschitz continuous functions.
So, for a bounded Lipschitz continuous functions, we have integral mu m of f minus mu of f.
So, this is, if we integrate over k, plus some remainder to our n, then our n, my function n is bounded by 1.
So, this set has measured at least 1 minus epsilon.
So, this is less of equal to epsilon.
So, we will be speaking, restrict to compact sets.
For compact sets, we know the space of continuous functions is complete and separate.
It's a focus space.
So, we again have a characterization of compactness in terms of closeness plus total boundedness.
So, by what I just erased, I think it was 10, small question mark.
The set of continuous functions restricted, or with compact support, let's say, is complete.
Hence, hence, the set B-A restricted to k is complete.
By acela ascoli, the set is also compact.
So, whenever I restrict to compact sets, the set is compact.
This metric here has a soup.
So, without the soup, point-wise convergence is fine.
What we need is uniform.
How do we get from point-wise to uniform?
We somewhat want to argue that, in fact, we don't need the whole set here, but the finite number is fine.
Where do we get the finite number from?
We have a compact set.
We have a compact set.
We restrict to compact case.
Then this is compact by acela ascoli.
The space is complete, so it's totally bounded.
Totally bounded means I can approximately make any function in terms of a dense subset.
Here, because of completeness, but total bounded means any compact set is approximated by a union of finite units.
And I only have finitely many test functions here.
And the soup reduces to a max.
So, this is compact, hence, totally bounded.
So, now, I only need finitely many functions.
And one, two, what's my index?
Fm.
Such that, on my compact set.
So, now, I only need finitely many functions.
And one, two, what's my index?
Fm.
And then, such that, on my compact set.
or any
Lipschitz continuous motion.
I find one here
so that this lies
in a uniform epsilon ball
when restricted to combat sets.
Down here, we compare integrates.
We introduce the compact sets
and there's a remainder term that we carry through.
Considering the terminal there,
why is it a plus between the integrals and not a minus,
since you're writing a minus up there?
Maybe it's right, I don't know.
The plus here, yes, but there's a minus.
Okay, thanks.
So, we now essentially continue this.
We want to approximate the integrals.
First, compact sets.
Now, second, we put in the i.
And that means, if we take the soup over all f here,
it reduces to the max over all i.
So, this one is less or equal f i d mu n over k
plus i to epsilon or something.
So, now we take the supremo.
So, this matrix here,
one is to take the supremo over all boundaries
which is continuous functions.
So, let's do this.
So, supremo over all f in VL,
U n minus mu f is less or equal to F M v L
integrate over compact sets.
1 epsilon or 2 epsilon or 1.
And now comes the key.
For every function,
I can choose my approximating function
up to epsilon from a finite set.
So, this is the key in equality now.
So, this is less or equal,
and now max
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
f i d mu n.
Okay, now I undo.
I undoing the k thing here.
Six epsilon.
Okay.
But inside, all those vanishes.
For every fixed function, it vanishes.
Now, I fully find that you made it here, so that vanishes as well.
Here's my metric.
Mu and mu. D mu and mu to zero.
And the trick, in all exams, I like asking for key ideas of proofs, not the epsilons and the errors.
Sometimes.
But the trick is that the tightness allows to be used to compact functions.
This means this set is totally bounded, which means this loop here is reduced to the maximum.
That's the function of the proof.
Okay.
Any questions so far?
I'm a little confused what weak convergence, in a sense, means.
Say again?
What weak convergence means.
I know it's usually the dual pinion functionals and then part-wise, all of them.
What is the dual space here?
Yeah, I'm confused.
Answer.
Do reverse engineering.
If you know what weak convergence means in a general setting, and we use the word
reconvergence, and we have a set of test objects, then now do reverse engineering.
And that shows the dual space here.
Then you have a dual pairing.
You have the set of probability measures, and you have a set of continuous functions.
So obviously, I mean, we are not, we didn't prove this, but we use the same jargon.
Obviously, the set of continuous functions is the right dual of the set of probability measures.
And you have to be really careful with this dual spaces.
Bound of continuous function, or continuous function with complex support, or all.
But if you want to use it through the lens of dual pairings, probability measures are bound
and continuous functions.
Okay.
And it's again, we are getting to this, if you've seen it reads, yeah?
You give me a linear operator with certain properties, I can represent it in terms of an integral
with respect to a probability measure.
That's really the dual pairing jargon there.
But that requires topological properties, which we don't have.
Shouldn't then the big conversions, in this sense, be actually big star conversions?
Maybe.
I always mix this up.
We can mix that, and double star, and, okay.
Because the space of matters is the dual space of the bound of continuous functions, but
on the other way around.
So then maybe it's big star, what?
You have a, so the measure is the linear operator?
Yeah, then it's big star.
Okay, then it's big star.
Okay.
Okay.
I never gave a function of a narrative score.
I don't give it to you.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Good.
Then, in the spirit of the discussion that we just had, let's first prove
Prohorov if everything is compact.
And the reason compactness helps is we have leads.
We can represent the only linear operators by probability measures.
This is one essential, basically, point why we need compactness.
And here, so then, any sequence of probability measures of K, emits a weakly convergent subsequent.
And reconvergence means we have convergence in this V-L matrix.
So, the trick is very similar.
Previously, the soup in the matrix was reduced to a maximum.
That required separability of spaces.
And by something I've already erased, we know the space of continuous functions of some compact
set is separable.
So, hence, we also.
So, again, we have a countable dense set.
We want to prove this has a weakly convergent subsequence.
If we plug in bounded functions here, we have a sequence in R. Bounded sequence in R.
So, for any function that we are plugging in here, we have a convergent subsequence of the integrals.
We apply a diagonal argument and say, we have a convergent subsequence here such as the integrals for all these functions.
So, the sequence in R. So, the sequence, mu n, fj, this is bounded in R, and it's a negative 1, 1, so it has a weakly convergent substance.
Diagonal argument.
Diagonal argument, we extract a sequence such that this works for all fj.
So, we have a subsequence.
So, we have a subsequence, mu n, k, fj converges.
Let's say, converges to some lj in R for all j.
So, what comes next?
Next, we show that this subsequence here is a Cauchy sequence with respect to this one.
Then, we can again plug in test functions, and we know for any test function we have a Cauchy sequence.
Once we plug in the test function, it's a sequence in R.
So, for any test function, it must converge.
So, we now show this subsequence is Cauchy with respect to the dB element.
Then, when we plug in test function, everything converges.
We have a limit.
The limit is an operator.
It takes a test function and spits out in R the limit of this Cauchy sequence.
And this operator reads, this is where it comes in, is nothing but a probability division.
This is how we identify the limit.
So, this one, again we had that, is compact, complete, separable, so again it's totally bound.
So, again, we don't need to hold that subset to approximate anything, finitely many functions are bound.
So, for any epsilon, it exists instead.
So, we can set fx1 of, say, capital and j functions such that f minus fj.
So, we're already on a compact set.
So, previously we had to restrict to compact sets.
Now, we are already on compact sets.
This one here or something.
Or something.
Or f is here.
Okay.
Now, we want to prove Cauchy.
So, for, say, k and large mu and k f minus mu and m of f less or equal, totally bounded,
we have this Cauchy sequence property.
And, of course.
This thing.
This thing.
Does some noise here.
We have this Cauchy sequence property.
And, of course, this set here is a subset of this.
So, this one for fxj.
If I do this, then this would still be malicious.
And, if I put a soup in front here, then the soup and the function approximated by one of those,
again, the soup translates to this max.
So, we take the soup and the function approximated by one of those, again, the soup translates to this max.
So, we take the soup.
So, we take the soup.
So, we take the soup.
so, we take the soup ahead and B.
x mu and K,たx mu and n.
plus mu and m is equal to max
plus L.
So d mu and k mu and m.
So this is what we wanted to prove as an intermediate step.
We wanted to prove this is coaching.
So now, knowing the subsequent,
if I'm plugging in test function, I'm converging.
So what's the limit?
Is it somebody's first date today?
No time, but yes.
Oh.
Well.
Okay.
So the next step is we identify the limit of this sequence.
So we know.
That's what we have shown.
For every f in the f, and hence for any bound continuous functions,
there exists L of f limit u and k of f.
Okay.
This is a bounded linear operator.
Operate on home means take the value on all arguments on the unit serve.
Okay.
This is obviously bounded by more.
Bound it.
So all integrates.
Obviously linear operator.
It's a non-negative function.
If I'm plugging in a non-negative function,
the result is non-negative.
Okay.
So, and it's non-negative.
What is the one function?
As I said, one of the reasons we use compactness here,
we use properties of functions based on compact sets.
Yes.
But the key reason is this one.
Because now we are having a bounded linear normalized operator
on a set of functions with compact support.
And now Rietz tells me I can represent this as a probability.
So, and I'm saying here the standard,
because later we need to extend it.
When we don't have compactness, or at least local compactness,
Rietz is not working.
The standard needs representation in mu.
If you have not taken a function, just take it for granted.
You cannot prove anything here.
Says, there exists the probability measure, mu,
in P of k such that my linear operator
is nothing but probability measure.
Okay.
And now we're basically done.
So now we know
for all bounded dimensions continuous functions, I have this representation here, or this convergence, convergence of u.
So that gives us D
So again, what are the key steps?
The key steps are, we need nice properties again
of the function space here.
We have a then subset, we have total boundedness.
So again, the set of test functions
is essentially finite.
We plug in the test functions,
then we have Cauchy sequences in R.
In R everything converges.
We have an operator.
What is this operator?
Reed says it's a probability measure.
That's the short summary.
Here we go.
Questions?
Yes?
This first statement over there,
it says that for every fixed head,
we have this bounded linear operation.
This would happen.
Yeah.
Yes.
But then we conclude that there is one operator
for all of that.
Yes.
The operator is justified point-wise.
This is, this is the point-wise definition of the operator.
So for any F, I call this limit here, L of F.
So there's an operator, L that takes an input in F.
Yeah.
Then we get rid of it.
Yeah.
So this, this defines an operator on this one.
More questions?
Mm-hmm.
Because it's in the yellow variable,
that there's one operator, so such as for all that.
This holds.
So are we talking about different operators for each F,
or are we talking about one operator, such as for all that?
I think I understand the question,
but if I understand the question correctly,
I don't understand the question.
So you would agree that for any F, this is uniquely determined
on this side?
Yes.
And it just gives a different name to this?
I think, if I understand your question,
you are saying this could give me two different operators.
Is this your question?
No.
No, no.
That may be misunderstood.
Richard, do you have another question?
Because my questions follow up to yours.
So, that's it.
Okay.
We have this
Kochi property in DL.
So plug in any function,
find this converges.
Gives me a number.
I call the number L-O-F.
I do this for every L.
Would you agree that this defines a U-L?
I'm not quite sure,
because you've written it like this, that's.
The L-O-F exists, not the L-O-F exists.
Yes.
I think they are worried about
how it says L-O-F exists,
and one might interpret it as
where it exists in L,
but I think it's fine.
I don't see any.
There's a recipe.
There's a recipe.
The recipe tells me,
give me an F.
I give you an F, and you give me a number.
There's a recipe.
Okay.
And that recipe, we call it L.
Okay, that's all.
And then it turns out our recipe
has all these nice properties.
And from there,
it becomes a probability.
But it's...
Well, it really has to be careful.
Check it on the Wikipedia.
It says, you know,
at least you need to local in compact space.
Because this representation, in general,
this representation is true for any function
F with compact support.
A priori, we only have compact support
that's for all continuous functions.
But if you're working in the general setting,
this representation is not rich enough.
We have more functions
than just functions with compact support.
So, hopefully, one last question.
Are we talking about different L
for all the Ls?
Like, for each F, there exists an L?
Or are we talking about one L
so that we have the recipe?
Yes, because that's how it's written.
We have to start with all F,
and then there exists this LF.
But then it's just a number.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So I was confused because you said
that it's a bound, then you are the negative.
Yeah.
This is for any, this is enough here.
Yes.
Right now,
it,
I just defined my operator,
L of VL,
R by L of F,
distance limit.
Yes.
Now it makes sense.
Okay.
All right.
So, then,
we'll stop here.
We are not yet done.
We need to
get rid of
K.
So we need
a stronger version of weights.
We'll do this on Monday,
then finish the proof.
Okay.
What?
Yeah.
Let's make this for
no part of this post.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh,
yeah.
El
No part values.
