And then we start talking about stochastic integrations.
So we've heard about to construct Bracken processes.
So we started with m squared integral
Global Marking here, starting at zero.
And then we prove, firstly, if m is bounded,
then there exists this Bracken process, m,
which has the key property that if we subtract it from mt squared,
that's a local martingale, a continuous local martingale.
And we prove that the quadratic sum of square increments converges to this end process in L2.
So specifically what we prove, we introduce some kind of discrete stochastic integral,
which essentially look like this.
So that looks like a discrete integral.
Increment times the value of my function sum.
And we proved this converges in L2 as a continuous function to some process A.
We proved it's a Cauchy sequence, so there's a limit.
And then we saw that this Bracken, mt,
whereas m squared minus m squared minus m.
So in general, the theorem said we have convergent in UCP,
uniform in probability on compact sets, but if it's bounded, we have more.
And it also proved one thing, namely if m is a martingale or a local martingale of bounded variation,
then it's a concept.
And with this result, we can very easily prove the uniqueness of the Bracken process.
So existence for m and martingale of here.
So how does uniqueness work?
Well, it's easy.
So assume we have two.
So we have two processes, A and A prime, starting in zero.
So the starting point is what normalizes it.
We can start this.
We can start this Bracken process anywhere we want, but then it would not be unique.
The normalization, the starting value is what makes it unique.
So on decreasing such that mt squared minus A and mt squared minus A prime are continuous local martingales.
Both A and A prime are not decreasing.
both a and a prime are non-increasing
so it's a difference of two non-increasing process
so it's a bounded variation
I'm assuming a zero is equal to a prime zero
so now we invoke this result
local martingale bounded variation is almost truly constant
so that means
we are unique
so uniqueness
we get almost a free once we know that local martingales are trivial if they are bounded variation
we prove the theory for unbounded martingales
ok so we have a local martingale we have a localizing sequence
if we want we stop our martingale if it becomes too large so that's another localizing sequence and after stopping the process is bounded
so
we have a localizing sequence
so
we have a localizing sequence
the stop process
the stop process is a martingale
and stopping
and stopping
when it becomes bigger than anything is necessary
without loss of generality
you can assume
you can assume it's bounded
after stopping we have a bounded martingale
so that's good
we have a local martingale
and if the element is bounded
we know
the bracket process exists
and we also know the bracket process is obtained
by summing up square increments
so whenever we take a larger stopping time
and restrict
the two bracket processes
on the integral coming from the smaller stopping time
that must coincide
so by construction
to n is increasing
and n
on the interval
up to to m
and
the smaller time interval
they
coincide
so this is consistent
so
the definition
is consistent
this is
consistent
this is
moreover
we can take limits
so my tau end
increases
my bracket process
there's a limit of summing square increments
so it increases
M p
m
m
t
m m m t
m m m t
m m m m t
This increases as tau n increases.
I choose a larger tau, I'm summing, potentially,
more square increments.
OK, so we have an increasing sequence,
so we know the limit exists.
Corner bracket empty.
This almost true limit exists.
Moreover, I can stop again.
I look at this bracket process until time tau n.
So, prior to time tau n, this bracket process coincides with the bracket of the n-n process.
Another one than two.
So, this is equal to the bracket of the n-n on this interval.
And we have more.
So, what do we want to show in the first place?
We want to show that it will stop n according to tau n, then it's a multicurve.
That will show that n minus the bracket, that will show what we want.
So, m squared tau n stopped at t minus the bracket of the stopped process at time t.
We showed at some point that the bracket of the stopped process is the stopped bracket of the process.
So, I do not quite remember which limit was, but this is the stopped bracket of m.
So, now we have the stopped times outside here and here, so that is equal to m squared minus the bracket at tau n in t.
And what is this?
And what is this?
This is just the value of the stopped process at time t.
So, this is equal to n-n t minus square.
Then n square minus its bracket is a martingale.
So, then this one must be a martingale too.
So, we see this process after stopping is a martingale.
So, it's a martingale.
So, it's a martingale.
So, it's a martingale.
So, we conclude.
We conclude.
n square minus y square.
The record is a continuous normal.
But, by construction, the bracket starts in zero.
And, also by construction, it's an increasing process.
So, most of the statements of the theorem are proven.
We can find a process that compensates m square, which starts in zero and it's not decreasing.
So, it still needs to be shown that the bracket process is the limiting probability of the quadratic
bar reactions.
So, still to show, and using it uniformly on compact sets, compact time sets in probability.
Okay.
What do we know?
We know that for the stop processes, we have this convergence in there too.
So, we know that for the stop processes, we have this convergence in there too.
So, we know that for the stop process, stop it at some time n, and take a sequence of partitions.
So, that converges to the bracket.
So, that converges to the bracket of the stop process.
In N2 omega.
In N2 omega.
Continuous function on CT40.
So, we have this sequence of partitions.
So, that converges to the bracket of the stop process.
In N2 omega.
Continuous function on CT40.
So, there is a super long here.
And the ones that are converges to the bracket of the stop process.
In N2 omega.
Continuous function on CT40.
So there's a subnorm in here. So the uniformity, this u here, is just a subnorm, so adds in plus dp.
What else do you mean? We know that the process M and the stop process coincide up to the stopping time.
And we know the same is true, therefore.
One, zero, twelve.
One, zero, twelve.
Now comes the stopping times. The stopping time increases 2 plus infinity property of localizing sequence.
And this is where we lose L2 convergence. So the L2 convergence, we only have for the bounded martingale.
Because now, we basically know that the probability that tau n is less or equal to t is small.
So, we have this.
So if I pick any t, we want to uniformly on compact time levels. I want deterministic times.
That's the solution concept. Right now, I'm having random times here.
So I need to replace this one by t with the help of this.
So I think there's the probability that my quadratic variation process coincides with the quadratic variation
of the stop process on zero t for all m.
This happens, because of this one, exactly when my t is less or equal to tau.
This tells me, for a large enough n, happens with probability at least one minus six.
So that is greater or equal to one minus six.
So again, the goal is to replace this one by deterministic times.
That's what the solution concept applies.
So that uses this one.
And the similar equation we have for our n forces.
So that is one thing we have.
And also perhaps we don't've mentioned before.
Okay.
So once we have a break now, I am going to click the wall to the right side side side side side side side side side side side side.
So, I think that once you have an internal foundation, once you have an internalところ and you start off.
Now, once you're at it like, just go ahead.
Now you'll try right now.
Once you do so and see the balance sheet on zero.
Un hiring like it, thatены we need to?
So I think that oneemporary is going to do so the same starting point there.
Okay, now we just pull everything together.
So what we want is this one minus
this one is, or this is the same.
So we approximate first this by this, then this by this, then this by this, and then
take the difference of this and that.
The missing three lines are in the rectangles.
So the key why we are losing L2 converters, which is what we have for probably fortunately,
is because we need to use this.
So why is the bracket useful?
Well, what we are going to show in the next section is, it gives us the criteria when
we can define .
So this bracket defines the measure.
We call it P m on zero T or zero infinity, we don't know where we are, it's zero T times
and then we how.
Well, we can take a joint imaginable process F, has two variables, omega at a time, and what
we do is we first integrate with respect to the bracket.
The bracket is an increasing function.
So that is the standard integral.
And then we integrate omega.
So for Brownian motion, we know the bracket is just T. In particular, there is no formula only
that way.
For Brownian motion, it looks like this.
Actually, I need this.
For Brownian motion, so that's an integral that we can just define for every moment.
So we integrate with omega, assuming that is whatever bounded, let's say.
And then this P integrates omega away.
And what we show in the next section, if F is measurable, meaning jointly measurable in
the omega at a time and the delta.
And this is going to be square.
This is finite.
Here there's nothing mysterious.
The inner integral is with respect to a nice function.
The inner integral is with respect to a nice function.
And the outer integral is with respect to omega.
Nothing mysterious.
Then, the inner integral is with respect to a nice function.
And the outer integral is with respect to omega.
Nothing mysterious.
Then, the inner integral is with respect to a nice function.
And the outer integral is with respect to omega.
Nothing mysterious.
The inner integral is with respect to omega.
Nothing mysterious.
Then, the inner integral is with respect to omega.
The inner integral is with respect to omega.
Nothing mysterious.
The inner integral is with respect to omega.
Nothing mysterious.
Then, we can define the stochastic integral of F with respect to a continuous loss.
This is what we need to break it for.
The bracket gives us with respect to omega.
The other integral is with respect to omega.
The other integral is with respect to omega.
The other integral is with respect to omega.
Nothing mysterious.
Then, we can define the stochastic integral of F with respect to a continuous loss.
This is what we need to break it for.
The bracket gives a measure, and if something is sufficiently integrable with respect to this
measure, plus some measurability properties, then we have a definition of the stochastic integral.
So, we'll start with Brownian motion.
Things are quite transparent in that case, and then we see what changes if you broke the
more generally integrable.
So, previously, we assumed that the dependence for Brownian motion, the dependence of omega, is
the smoothed Brownian path.
So, this was an F, S, B, S.
Then, we could do it.
If F is smooth, we could do it pathwise.
If F is not smooth, we cannot do it pathwise.
Look.
Let's start doing some stochastic integration.
Chapter 4.
Chapter 4.
We fix a probabilistic axis.
A probabilistic axis.
And we assume our filtration satisfies the integral conclusions.
So, we can do it pathwise.
We will also fix the continual problem here.
We can do this.
We can do it.
So, here we can do it.
And we can do it.
We can do it.
So, we can do this.
Since that's the last part, we can do it.
So, we can do it, and we can do it.
We can do it.
We can do it.
and right continuity.
We also fix continuous vocal martingale, square n.
Continuous, square n.
Our goal is to define the individual process.
What suitable means, we need to figure out.
And we do this, and then in the second step,
we don't do this via Riemann sums or anything.
We first define the Storhorsting integral
by purely functional analytic methods,
and then once we have it,
we show that it can also be interpreted
as a limited probability of Riemann sums,
but only then.
We are not starting with a Riemann sum.
If we have it, we have this object,
and then this interpretation of Riemann sums.
So we start with the benchmark case of wrongly motion.
So our M is a B now.
After we do integration work,
we start with a class of simple functions where we know what we want to do,
and we integrate it, and then ask ourselves which function can be approximate with the simple functions.
And does this mean anything for the sequence of integrals?
We do the same thing here.
First definition.
So we introduce elementary functions.
If it is a step function.
So phi d of omega is some e j of omega
on some
t j, t j plus one.
Notice, we assume the thing is left continuous.
In chapter one, I think it was an exercise.
It said the left continuous functions generate a predictable sigma field.
We later want to apply this integration theory to predictable processes.
So, where, now it's important, e j is f t j measurable, uniformly bound.
So, something like this we know from
3-0 analysis 2, I suppose.
How do we integrate functions?
With respect to a metro?
Good.
Simple functions.
The set of things, simple functions, we denote by L0.
We can always define all sorts of the difference.
We can do it here as well.
We can always define all sorts of the difference.
We can do it here as well.
We can do it here as well.
For simple functions, we can always define all sorts of the difference.
We can do it here as well.
For simple functions, we define the stochastic integral with respect to Brownian motion for this I, I for the integral.
So, we have step functions, so we sum over all sample points until t.
Ej of omega times Brownian increment, Btj plus 1 minus Btj.
We call this stochastic integral of the simple function phi with respect to Brownian motion.
So, in general, the past life definition makes no sense.
And the key insight that Edo had is a very simple length.
So, the idea is, suppose we know which functions or processes we can approximate by functions like this.
So, then what we want to understand is, if I approximate something by these phi functions, does my integral converge?
If it does converge, I can define the stochastic integral of the object that I approximated by simple functions with respect to Brownian motion.
And the key insight for this is the so-called Edo.
So, two objects have the same norm. That's what the name suggests.
And it says, for any simple function, I can look at some kind of L2 norm of the stochastic integral.
So, I compute the stochastic integral with respect to Brownian motion.
That's a random number.
I take the second moment.
And that is equal to, what else can I do?
I'm just integrating, for fixed omega over time, the square of my simple process.
So, that's a random variable.
So, that's a random variable in omega.
And I can take its expected value.
And that's the same.
So, the second moment of the stochastic integral, second moment with respect to P, equals the second moment of phi, the process phi, with respect to which measure, P times lambda.
Lambda restricted to 0t.
And here.
And this one.
And this one.
This.
This is the second moment of the integral with respect to P.
And this one.
And here.
And here.
And this is where the entire integration theory is critical.
This, very simply called it.
So, the proof is almost trivial.
If we want to compute this one, what is it?
This integral is the sum of this.
So, I'm taking this square.
What am I getting?
I'm summing products of these terms.
Okay?
So, we need to compute.
Let's first introduce our usual connotation for bound in increments.
So, if we look here.
We're going to take this sum squared.
So, we need to compute things like this.
E by Ej delta AB delta J.
Okay.
Two things can happen.
I is different.
Well, let's first do the case when they're equal.
It's a bit transparent.
Okay.
So, in that case, we need to compute this.
So, you can guess what we do.
I mean, first of all, just look here.
We need to get ds into the picture.
Where is the ds coming from?
Obviously, from the second moment of this.
Why is this expression giving me a time increment?
Well, we recall this one is an Ftj.
So, the condition.
Use the tau property.
This is equal to E Ej square.
Conditional expectation of the square infinite.
Definition of Brownian motion.
Definition of Brownian motion.
Increments are conditionally independent, normally distributed.
So, this one is just Tj plus 1 minus Tj.
So, these terms here are Ej square, Ej plus 1 minus Tj.
And these are already exactly the terms that appear here.
So, my phi is a simple function.
So, this is, in fact, Ej square times time increment.
So, what we have to show is that I and J are different.
The cross term do not contribute.
We use the same trick.
We use the same trick.
We use the same trick.
We use the same trick.
So, what changes if my indices are different?
I have Ej, Ei, and here I have delta i, b, delta j, b.
Now, what I can take out?
And now I have a conditional increment, not a conditional square increment.
And conditional increments, expected value of conditional increments are zero.
This is what I did not work.
So, if i is different from J, and now, in which mode I want, I take J bigger than i.
So, by condition on Ftj, I can take the Ei out, the Ej, and I can take this increment out as well.
And that's the difference.
Here, this is square.
Here, this low square.
So, this one.
This one.
So, the cross turns.
Okay.
Equal isometry gives us a link between norm of the integral and norm of the integral.
With respect to different measures.
Next thing.
Stochastic integrals are marginals.
So, I think we introduced this space before.
So, M C02 is the space of continuous square integral.
So, the next proposition says, if I take the stochastic integral of a simple process, I'm getting one.
So, for any simple process, the stochastic integral is continuous square integral.
So, starting in zero follows from construction.
Adaptedness, again by construction.
Something Ft.
Something Ft measurable times an increment.
And the fact that it is in L2, we already proved here.
So, starting in zero.
We already proved here.
So, starting in zero.
We're going to construction.
Adaptedness.
We're going to construction.
Adaptedness.
We're going to construction.
We're going to continue to construction.
Okay, so, we rarely fight them out again.
We have to compute the conditional expected value of the integral given Ft.
Well, my integral is nothing but a sum.
So, I can just lift my integral.
Let's do it.
Let's adjust this up.
I know it's adaptive.
I know it's adaptive by construction.
And what is this?
This is, again, something Ej times Brownian increment.
And I'm doing the same thing right here.
Let's just condition and see the conditional Ftj drops out.
So, that is I2.
So, my sporadic integral defines a mapping on the set of simple processes into the set of continuous square integral particles.
So, all together, we have mapping I0 to M0c2.
Question?
First, which processes can be a function?
So, that is, in the case of Brownian motion, relatively easy to answer.
In the case of a general continuous local marking here, it is not so obvious.
This is why we start with Brownian motion.
Question two.
Let's say we have some simple processes that approximates F in some sense.
And does this apply convergence of the integrator in parentheses in some sense?
And this is where our isometry comes in.
Because it tells us, if I have convergence here, the level of the integrants, I have it here, or the level of the integrants.
So, this is where we use this.
So, which processes do we expect to be approximated?
Which processes can be approximated by simple processes?
So, we call the set caligraphic L2.
Now, we have already seen, when we define the basic E to it.
Using basic E to formula.
The basic E to formula, we define stochastic integrals by Riemann sums.
And we approximated functions at the left end point of the time interval, which was very important for the construction.
So, that already suggests that we want some kind of adaptiveness.
So, we want functions F depending on time and omega.
We want them measurable, so meaning jointly measurable, and adapted.
So, we fix the probability space with a filtration at the very beginning.
And, we go back to this one.
We probably want some bound of F in this norm.
So, we want...
known F and we call this L2T.
Then back times P.
And what is this?
This is the expected value.
Integral 0 to T.
F squared as omega dS.
That becomes an omega integral to be finite for all T.
So, that's our L2T.
The norm in terms of the back measure, which is the bracket of Brownian motion,
which later becomes the bracket of a general continuous low-primaticate.
Difference between Brownian motion and low-primaticates in the Brownian case,
there is no omega in the dt measure.
So, let me introduce the saving for Fg into 2 Dfg as this.
So, L2T.
We are working with L2T.
So, this is not a norm.
It becomes a norm if we work with spaces of equivalence classes.
The fact of the matter is, by changing stochastic process of analysis,
you can destroy all kind of adaptiveness or predictability or whatever.
So, strictly speaking, we focus on this more later.
You always have to work with equivalence classes.
We ignore this for the moment.
So, the next result says, everything in the set can be approximated by the simple functions.
Any questions so far?
Any questions?
Any questions?
Any questions?
Any questions?
Any questions?
Any questions?
The metric we defined just now, you said, that one is the metric by, by the
the limits of the set.
We can change the process on analysis and that's the thing, you need to work strictly
speaking with equivalence classes and then in the equivalence class you need to find
something with the right measurability.
For now in section I think it's 4.2 we pay a bit more attention to this but for now we
swept it under the carpet.
Let's get further questions.
So the first thing I'll show is a set of simple functions adept.
In fact, we show something slightly stronger.
We show that the set is actually dense in a set of predictable, in a set of progressively
measurable processes, you'll see from the proof.
So, okay, all right, we take L and L. So what do we want?
We want to approximate it kind of uniformly on a given time interval zero t. If t is large
enough then, by definition of the metric, everything after t doesn't really matter anymore.
So what we want, we want to find a sequence of simple functions such that...
This is all for t large enough. This d thing is essentially only considered
independent. So we do this in four steps. So what is the problem? The problem is the measurability
properties. Remember there was a little exercise that says if you are given a predictable
stochastic process, you take a time integral. And that is a predictable stochastic process.
Now that's precisely the situation we're having here. We're taking time integrals of stochastic
processes. And to get measurability or adaptedness for such kind of processes is tricky. So unless
you assume enough regularity on the phi, or the f in that matter, you cannot get adaptedness
of the integral. It's not too obvious. So that's what we will be struggling with. So we first assume
f is bounded and then passwise continuous projectives. So in this case it's clear. We do what we do in
analysis. We just fix f at some left input. So f is bounded. So this converges passwise to
f and by boundedness also in L2. So by boundedness phi L to f almost truly L2
L2 by the big L2. Lambda time speed on compact time. So that is easy. So that is easy.
Now we are dropping. Now we are dropping continuity. Now we are dropping continuity. So now as you have
to have the still bounded. But only progressively measured. So progressively measured the
what's the benefit when we are taking time integrals of the function. We are smoothing it. So we want to smooth this f function up. We do not assume continuity anymore.
So we want to approximate it by something that is continuous. There are different ways of doing this but they are usually
always involve integration. I either integrate and then take derivatives again or I take some kind of
convolutions or some kind of convolutions or some kind of convolutions or some kind of
time integrals of these functions. Time integrals of these functions. Time integrals of these functions are progressively
measurable. What's the benefit when we are taking time integrals of the function? We are smoothing it. So we want to smooth this f function up. We do not assume continuity
We do not assume continuity anymore. So we want to approximate it by something that is continuous. There are different ways of doing this but they usually always involve integration. I either integrate and then take derivatives again or take some kind of convolutions or whatever. But when I do the integration I need to make sure I am not losing the measurability I need to. So I think it was exercise straight.
What I do is KT is equal to 0 to T.
What I do is KT is equal to zero to T.
And of course, autobound it.
So, now I do something that looks like fundamental theorem of calculus.
I define fm, t of omega, as m times t minus 1 over n-focussive part, up to t, and s of omega.
So I'm smoothing my little f now by integration.
So, this is bounded in continuous.
By integration, I smooth f.
And it's also progressive, because it decays.
So, I can use step 1.
Step 1 set, bounded continuous.
I can approximate.
Step 1 tells me I find for each m, for each m I find a sequence.
So, m is fixed, m is the index of simple functions such that they approximate.
So, now what I want to do, if we can show, everything is bounded, that fm converges almost truly to f.
If it converges almost truly by bounded as it does, so it's L2, and each fm I can approximate in L2-percent functions.
normalWですね.
...
…
..
...
So we need to show FM converges to F almost surely.
Now FM is something like an antiderivative of F.
Good.
So we collect all those T sub-ometer for which this is not the case.
Actually, I'm deviating from the directional to the complement.
So this is a measurable set.
The sequence of measurable functions, the set where they converge, is the measurable set.
Now I apply for BD.
For BD tells me I want to compute the measure of the set.
I can compute the measure of the sections and then integrate over those measures.
So we look at sections.
If there's no omega, then we would know by the fundamental theory that we have the conversions.
So we look at the sections.
A, omega, and these are the T's for which I have convergence if I fix omega.
For BD tells me that's the measurable set.
Also, the fundamental theorem of calculus.
What do I do?
What am I doing?
I'm doing integration.
I want to undo the integration.
Okay.
Fundamental theorem of calculus tells me Fm G of omega converges.
Okay.
This is 14.
Okay.
Okay.
This is 14.
Okay.
Okay.
What am I doing?
I'm doing integration.
I want to undo the integration.
Okay.
Fundamental theorem of calculus tells me Fm G of omega converges to...
Okay.
Okay.
This is 14 in the omega, and then fundamental theorem tells me this is true almost everywhere.
Okay.
Okay.
So, lambda of omega is equal to 1.
And then Fubini tells me this is equal to 1 as well.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
So, we have to almost show convergence.
So, we have it for bounded and progressively measured.
Okay.
Well, it's not difficult to get rid of.
We just truncate.
The progressive measurability needs to be related next.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So what's the difference?
Previously, we integrated.
And the new progressive measurability carries over to the energy.
Now we don't know it.
So we do not know it's progressive measurability.
So we do not know it's progressive measurability, but here we do not know it's adapted.
So we want to approximate something adapted by these integrator processes.
So what matters really is adaptedness, not so much progressive measurability.
But to get adaptedness and not progressively measurable is also a bit tricky.
So what do we do?
We have a proposition that we never proved.
Proposition 119 that showed that under very mild condition, processes have progressively measurable
modifications, f as a progressively measurable modification.
So what we proved was under additional continuity assumption in the center process.
That's true.
This one we never proved, but here we need it.
So call this progressively measurable modification G.
So we do what we did here.
We integrate.
G T, 0 to T, G S omega D.
So let's progressively measure.
So in particular, it's adapted.
So what we want to show, this is a modification of F.
This is a modification of F.
This is a modification of F.
This is a modification of F.
B of F T is G, so that's one for all T.
Then, this is where we need the usual conditions now.
So we have a modification, something differs up to as the headset.
Now we need the usual conditions.
We know F T is adapted.
My little F is still bounded.
So my capital F process is continuous.
So F is bounded.
So it's chapter one, continuity plus adaptedness means progressive.
Now it's progressively measurable using the arguments from step three.
So we have to show this.
We have to show the modification of the little F gives the modification of the capital F.
So.
So, what is this, this follows again from green.
Okay, expected value, integral 0 to d, f s minus g s d s.
For me, it tells me, interchange the integrals.
Now I know f and g are modifications, so this is equal to 0.
Therefore, this thing inside must be 0.
And now the difference, the absolute value of the difference of the integrals is bounded
by this one.
So, we know f s minus g s d s is almost true.
One is f, one is g.
One is g s, d s is almost true.
One is f, one is g.
f unbounded truncate.
So, question, what did we really prove?
The result said everything in L2 can be approximated by single clauses.
What was in L2?
The result was a 2-verse sum norm condition plus measurability plus a definition.
Obviously, we proved something slightly different.
Everything that we used for approximation was progressive.
So, what we actually proved is that for approximation, we used progressive processes.
not just measurability, not just measurability.
So, we actually proved something slightly stronger.
What is L2?
What is L2?
What is L2?
What is L2?
That this being a subset of all progressive processes in L2?
What is L2?
We actually showed.
What is L2?
What is L2?
We actually showed.
L0 stands in L2.
It's also dense in L2, no doubt.
We started with some f from L2.
But all the objects, all the elements we constructed for approximation, for progress.
Atom, and we work with M, this becomes much more important.
For the Brownian motion, it just turned out to be this case.
But when we work with general, local martingades, the bracket process itself is random.
And then we get different conditions, different integrability conditions that need to be satisfied for adapted or progressive or predictable processes.
So, what we proved on Thursday, we show this function I that we defined on the center of all simple processes, extends uniquely to some function.
to some function J, on N2.
And that allows us to define the stochastic integral of any measurable adapted process satisfying a certain integrability condition with respect to the Brownian motion.
So, that's something to be looked forward to, to Thursday.
Any further questions or comments? Yes please.
Why did we drop the assumption of progressive measurability in three?
Where did we drop this?
In three? Yeah. Progressive measurability. Yeah.
Because, that's not part of the statement.
The statement is, anything from N2, and N2 is adapted. Adapted measurable. That's not progressive measurability.
It just turned out that, you know, this too, can be approximated by something progressive measurability.
But it was not part of the assumption. So, this here is joint measurability plus adaptability.
It is just our smoothing procedure with integration that, you know, preserves progressive measurability.
And, since you are, you mentioned equivalence classes previously.
Where might that play a role in what is?
And, already, in a sense, see it. Because, we introduced this G. We changed the processes.
It's not saying that we, we work with equivalence classes.
But, that, that change of processes already suggests that, at some point, we may have to switch from one process to another, in order to have the right measurability properties.
Yes?
So, L star is, is L star just a subset of L2, Ben?
Say again?
L star is just a subset of L2?
Yes.
Progressive measurability.
Progressive measurability is more than adaptedness and measurability.
But, then, it's, isn't it obvious that the subset of L2 is, or that L0 is also, no, it's not, okay, no, nevermind, yeah.
Yeah, no, because we, yeah, we, the, the thing is that L0 is also contained in L star, that's the interesting part, I guess.
The, the, that's the thing. So, that you can really, your limit is, again, progressively measurable.
Yeah.
So, it is, the wording is not, not perfect, I agree. But, then, again, that the point is, we're working for the approximation entirely with progressively measurable processes.
Okay.
So, we could, we could have used L star here.
And, it is still correct. Yeah.
And, again, it, it, it.
It's burning.
It is the point.
Okay.
It's so главal here that drowned.
And, that kind of outbreak every minute of the week in the beginning.
And, again, it's coming up from the ground here.
Okay.
Like I see.
Bye.
Oh, bye.
And, again, it's going to be all time support, to
be able to do this again.
So, we can bring that easy, so we can take that easy for you.
Like we're doing that.
And, we do need to忙 for you.
And, okay.
Let's go.
And, I just want you to hope.
That will be the youngest patient to have the strength in place.
We need to go.
So, take it.
Let's put it, guys.
Yeah, we do.
